This will be your one-stop shop for dynasty rookie draft strategy from trading to mistakes to avoid. We're going to break down 10 total tips, three about trading, seven rookie draft mistakes to avoid to help you guys navigate your dynasty rookie drafts this off season. Um Danny, we have three trade specific strategies to this season that people can employ. and we can kind of start it off by oh, we're going to look at a mock that you and I did on the channel a couple days ago with Superflex mock to just kind of showcase what we're talking about when we go throughout this stuff. So, trade strategy number one for this year's class specifically is what? Get into the top six wherever possible. If you guys have access to our rankings over on Flock, obviously we're showing a a mock draft that we did for I believe the Superflex rookie uh video that came out a couple days ago. If you guys go to both of our rankings, it's very clear that once you get outside of the top six, you venture into a next range of

the rankings. We have Jeremiah Love, obviously. We know tier of his own 101 that's going to happen in basically what 99.999% of leagues. It almost feels like 102 for me. I I have Carninal Tate tier of his own, but even still on the macro dynasty market, I would say the next tier actually ends up being the 102 to the 106. And every single draft you're going to do, or at least for the most part, maybe I would say 90% 95% of the drafts that you do, you're going to see Carnell Tate, you're going to see Mai Lemon, you're going to see Jiren Price, Fernando Mendoza, and uh Jordan Tyson be the next five players off the board after Jeremiah Love. >> Yeah. And it's a consensus opinion across the site as well. All of us, every single expert combined consensus rankings. We have these six players or five if you're not in a superflex and you don't include Mendoza inside our top 50 startup assets. Beyond those players, Sadi, Conpsion, the next two off the board in consensus rankings, those guys

are in like the late7s as far as like where they are off the board. So there is a pretty sizable tier gap in terms of overall startup value between the top six players and between the players that are going 107 through 112. So definitely, as you kind of made reference to, do your due diligence, try and move up into the top six, especially if you are looking for a quarterback. I would much rather move up for Mendoza than just sit and take Tai Simpson. or if you're looking for a running back to move up for Jeremiah Love, move up for Jadarian Price rather than just take the best available running back at 109, 110, 111, which even though we like some, you know, Jonah Coleman and whatnot, we're probably rather go up and get the Jedarian Price first round capital. >> So, to recap, basically, at least how I view it, how you view it, um, we view it as the 101 in its own tier, 102 through 106 for the most part, probably going to be interchangeable for a lot of people. You might see Jordan Tyson go to, you

might see Mai Lemon go to. For the most part, you will see Tate go to, but realistically that's going to be the next range of players. And even though we said that's the top six, that's where the tier drop off is. To me, the 107 through 110 also represents a mini tier after them. Once the 110 is off the board, we like Jonah Coleman at 11. In some of your leagues, he might be a mid-second round pick. >> Yeah. No, for sure. So, again, get into the top six wherever possible is tip number one. Tip number two is collect volume of picks. This year is so so important to get as many bites at the apple as possible in rookie drafts. And what I mean by that is in the mid rounds especially like you just made reference to Jonah Coleman is R11. He might be 205 in some leagues. He might be 211 in some leagues. There is no consensus after those 10 players that went in the first round of the NFL draft. So from pick 2011 to 312 especially instead of say picking your highest ranked player at

203 especially if as you can see on the screen um Adico FF put out this chart of what percentage chance those players will be on the board at that pick. As you can see there Jonah Coleman has like a 98% chance to be on the board at uh pick number 110. But if you go into the second round at 202 he's got a 60% chance of being on the board and so on. So when you're looking at the board and you're thinking about where you should trade to, maybe use this as a guide to try and get into that territory where that player that you're targeting is going. So if you're on the board, instead of picking at 203 and a player that you want to take at 203 goes normally around 208, 29, 210, you can take two bites at the apple, if somebody offers you 208 and 212 to get the player that you might have taken at 203. Anyway, the reason that this is such a great strategy this year is because there is very little consensus. there's a good chance that whatever player you're going after might be there later

anyways. Obviously, don't get too cute. Take your guys and that kind of thing, but if you can get two for one types of trades where someone's going to give you two picks for your one pick, it's probably a good strategy in a class where all of us kind of agree it's not excellent in round two. >> And keep in mind, this is more so of due diligence. Like obviously, if you're in sharper leagues and people kind of realize, hey, it's a it's completely ambiguous what's going to happen. I'm totally comfortable with my 207 as opposed to your 2022. maybe it's going to be tougher to trade down in those specific leagues. But if you are in a league where say you're on the clock, you can float some offers out, you feel confident that let's just say for example, you're on the 203, you can move down to the 209 pocket of 273rd, that extra little bit of juice, like you said, you could get the guy that you have ranked at 203 over at the 209. So, um, the way I've described this range of

rankings once you get to the second round, even until about the early to mid third, this is the wild wild west this year. Yeah, it's get your guy season and you can see on the mock that we did, you took Ted Hurst at 202, but had this been a real draft, you probably would have tried to slide back because Ted Hurst doesn't typically go 202. You might have been able to get, let's say, I was picking at like the 208 and 211, I might have offered you, if there was a player I really wanted at 202, my 208 and my 211 for your 202 plus like a 264th or something like that. >> Yeah. Yeah. And if you can make those little uh value incremental gains at this point, I mean that actually happened in one of league m uh one of the leagues I'm in. I traded down from a pick, got some insulation. I think Justin Jolie fell to me at the 307 and I felt totally comfortable taking him there. >> Yeah, I did it in our um Flock Me Sideways league. I traded down from 2011. I ended up picking up 204 and 208.

And I think I gave him like a mid-3rd round pick back and I moved up in the fourth round as a result. So yeah, trying to get as many picks in this like honeypot of 2011 to like 310, 312, trying to get volume there is definitely going to be a good strategy because again, everyone's going to have their guys and you're going to want as many bites at the apple as possible because inevitably probably four to seven players out of this territory are going to hit and your goal is to try and get as many of those as possible because that's how you turn rebuilds around quickly. That's how you take a contender into a monster and so on. So, uh, tip number three that we have here, especially as it relates to trading, is if your league mates don't know how good 2027's class is supposed to be, move out of the the picks entirely. Like, you're on the board at 111 and somebody offers you their 27 first. This sounds like a stupid thing to bring up for a lot of you guys, I'm sure, that are listening

to this who are avid Dynasty players who know the 27 class is good, but there's going to be people out there listening to this who are in more casual Dynasty leagues who are listening maybe 2, 3 weeks from now and didn't know that, you know, the 27 class is expected to be good. So, trading out of the the draft entirely this year is definitely a viable strategy. You're on the board at 209, somebody offers you a random second next year, take it. you're on the board at 111 and you can package your 111 plus your 210 and get someone's 27 first. Those are the types of moves that you can take advantage of, especially if whatever's on the board for you doesn't really line up with your needs or your value and you're not able to trade back and that kind of thing. Trading out of the draft entirely, very viable strategy this year, especially given the strengths of next year's class. And >> I also think this is applicable to 2028 capital. Like for example, if you're in

a rebuilding situation and somebody says, "Oh, I know how good 2027 is, but I would be willing to give you 2028 capital." Like if you can trade the 111 this year into a random 2028 first, you should be doing it 10 out of 10 times. >> Yeah. Especially if you took over an orphan and you're like nowhere close to competing. And because it's two years down the road, people might give you their one and two. Like it's oh 28 one and two for the 110 this year or whatever because I want Omar Cooper, I want Ty Simpson or whatever the case is. In sharper leagues, it might be tougher. I feel like people are really placing more of an emphasis on the value of the next two classes versus this year. But especially in casual leagues, people want their players now. They don't care if it's a slightly worse projection as long as they get it two years earlier. >> Yeah. And this applies to the second round, too. Applies to the third round. Like you're on the board at 309, you

don't like anything there, get a 273rd or a 283rd out of it. It might be better buying power for you to make a trade in the future. So, those are like the trade kind of points that we have here. Let's move into kind of the mistakes that we're going to talk about. And mistake number one is very, very, very applicable this year. Mistake number one is I'm just going to trust the draft capital because I think a lot of people are going to be of this mindset this year, particularly as it relates to like Deshawn Stribbling, Jeremy Bernard, and those receivers that went in the second round, especially knowing that the better receiver prospects went in round three and went in round four. Now, I'm going to give you guys some real data here cuz there's some important wisdom in trusting the hit rates cuz there's going to be channels out there who go, "Hey, a hit rate of a second round receiver is better than the hit rate of a third round receiver." Which is a

correct opinion. However, a first round wide receiver or a second round wide receiver, they're not all the same. There's a reason that in the prospect model in the wide receivers to target and avoid video, you guys saw me post this chart in there of a bunch of different first round receivers. Malik Neighbors, JSN, Chris Olive, Jameson Williams, and Cadarius Tony. The reason I posted this is because that prosp rookie draft tier based on draft capital column basically showcases based on their FSE grade. These receivers who all went in the first round are not the same caliber of prospect. Malik Neighbors and Cadarius Tony could not be further from the caliber of prospects that they actually are despite both of them being selected in the first round. So using the whole, oh, first round receivers or second round receivers or third round receivers have this hit rate, it brings in a lot of noise to the argument because you're going to catch those Malik neighbors. If you're saying second

round receivers, you're going to catch the AJ Browns and T. Higgins of the world. >> Well, yeah. It's like, for example, not segmenting, you know, when we talk about running backs in the first round. A lot of people will say the rate of first round running backs, you know, finishing X in fantasy is so high, but there's a big difference between a Clyde Edward going at 32 overall versus a number two overall pick, Saquon Barkley, but both of them are going to show up in that in that data collection because they were both first rounders. >> Exactly. So, for example, let's apply it to this year. If we look at pure hit rates, 45% of the time a second round wide receiver hits a 12 plus point per game season. Give or take that's about wide receiver 25 to 30 on any given year in points per game. So a productive fantasy asset like Z Flowers for example from 2016 to 2023 that was the hit rate. Jeremy Bernard and Deshawn Stribbling in this class are wide receiver three

upside prospects in the model. So if you just take 45% hit rate and apply it to them, they look a lot better because you bring in AJ Brown, T. Higgins, other elite second round wide receiver prospects who were wide receiver one upside prospects coming out. They are not comparable to Deshun Stribbling and Jeremy Bernard. What we can do instead is look at the bucket of wide receiver three upside wide receivers who went in the second round and below. And you could see the list of names is not nearly as impressive as an overall second round wide receiver. In fact, the hit rate drops from 45% to 29.6%. If we're talking about the caliber of prospect that Jeremy Bernard and Stribbling were or worse going in the second round. >> Yeah, exactly. Uh ultimately, just because a player goes in the similar range doesn't make him a similar caliber prospect. And Corey, I mentioned this to you before we get got into the video about one of the more fascinating tweets that I saw on the timeline, but

basically it was in reference to the 49ers and Kyle Shanahan. And Kyle Shanahan on a a press conference basically said the or he was asked why do you guys veer off from consensus so much? I believe this was brought up from Grant Conn. And basically the response from John Lynch and Kyle Shannan was that they have consensus in their own building. Somebody pointed out we we as a community as a consensus do a bad job of saying who the biggest steals in drafts are. Do a bad job of saying oh my god I had this guy as a second round prospect and he fel felt a round five round six. There's a lot of cases that there's just maybe something we don't know about the personality, about the hidden medicals. We do a bad job of projecting followers. What the consensus does a great job of is pointing out the people that were overdrafted. >> Yeah. The reaches, which everything on any 49ers beat reporter right now is cope on on Deshawn. Oh, oh, he was the first receiver on the board for a lot of

teams. No, he [ __ ] wasn't. Like, nobody believes that. So, when we compare, >> conversely, let's talk about, okay, 29.6% 6% hit rate for Jeremy Bernard and Deshawn Stribbling caliber wide receiver prospects going in the second round. Keep that number in mind. 29.6%. Let's look at the third round receivers. If we're trusting the draft capital, most people conventional wisdom would take a second round receiver over a third receiver. A third round receiver in rookie drafts. Third round receivers since 2016 hit at basically the same rate, 30% of the bad prospects who were drafted in round two. And when you apply the same exercise, let's take out the the shitty third round receiver prospects and instead look at the good third round receiver prospects like Jacobe Lane, Chris Bell, and Ted Hurst qualify to be because they are wide receiver three upside prospects only they were drafted in round three. And keep in mind, draft capital is the biggest input to the prospect model

overall. So if all things were equal, if Bernard, Stribbling, Lane, Bell, and Hurst were all drafted at the same pick, they would rank much higher than those guys. 38.46% 46% hit rate. So you are actually better off taking a better third round receiver than you are a shittier second round receiver mathematically. It's not my opinion. It's it's literally simple math here. So when you see a reach like a Jonathan Mingo we'll talk about in a second like a Deshawn Stribbling like a Jeremy Bernard who are again they have qualities they have merits. You you like their tape whatever the case is mathematically in the prospect model they are worse prospects than Jacobe Lane, Chris Bell and Ted Hurst even though those guys went in round three and they went in round two. Um, first thing you do you know by the way that uh Jonathan Mingo is only a year and a half older than Dejon Tribling. [laughter] Second of all, I know I'm not doing this to helmet scout but at the same time Jonathan Mingo when he was coming out

6'1 220 lbs at the combine ran a 446 39 and a half inch vert and he was coming off a college season where he had 861 yards and five touchdowns. Deshan Strippling up >> for reference. By the way, he went 39th overall in his class. Deshan Stribbling went 33rd. >> Strippling 16 games, too, by the way. >> 55 for eight, 11, and six touchdowns this year at Miss. >> Yeah. >> Very similar athletic profile, too. >> Exactly. So, Jonathan Mingo in 2023, if you made this mistake and you trusted the draft capital, quote unquote, people second round receiver, I'm going to take him over a third round receiver. You would have taken Jonathan Mango over Josh Downs, even though Josh Downs is a much better prospect. you would have taken Jonathan Mingo over and sometimes people don't even do this by round. They'll just do it by pick number. Like Rasheed Rice was a second round receiver and people took Jonathan Mingo because he went 20 picks ahead or whatever the

case is. Uh Sam Laaporta and Michael Mayer and those guys were second round tight ends and they were much better prospects at their position than Jonathan Mingo was at his position. So those are all the players you would have missed out on in 2023 if you trusted the draft capital. And to your point, we are pretty good at realizing when a player as a consensus board was overdrafted. And what's funny too is like going into the NFL draft like me and you both said we got to to Dejan Stribbling late in the film promise. We're like, "Oh, this is like a cool sleeper. He's probably going to go early day three and I like the athletic profile. I like, you know, kind of what he represents. Could he turn into like a Z Jones type of player?" Like that was the discussion that we were having with Deshawn Shribbling. And now that he goes 33rd overall because Kyle Shannon values Zay Jones as an early second round pick, everybody's losing their minds. >> Yeah, I do. I had him as a my guy in our

draft guide at one point because I was like, "Oh, this is a really great sleeper. If he goes third or fourth round, I actually really like him." And then he went 33rd overall. And not only that, it sounds like they would have taken him in round one had they not traded down twice. >> Man, and to think uh anytime that you're mad at yourself, just remember that the San Francisco 49ers traded out of the Omar Cooper pick to take Dejon Stribbling in the second. >> Yeah. And just to prove that they're smarter than everyone, too. So, let's talk about mistake number I guess four this would be or mistake number two but overall tip number four that we have um >> drafting for needs in May. We talk about this all the time. This is a repeatable thing obviously. So if we look at uh your team that you have here, >> y >> you can evaluate a roster like this pretty quickly. Look at your picks and go, I need running backs, right? You have Bashel Toot and Jaylen Ward and

Kyle Manengi, Rico Dattle. Not bad, Aaron Jones, but you you could use more running back help, right? It's very clear you're you're good at receiver, you have a good tight ends, you have two of the best quarterbacks in Dynasty. >> Yeah, on on this type of team, uh especially in a best ball, I really like the the numbers that I have at wide receiver. Uh tight end, obviously big time advantage. quarterbacks. You're not going to find a better duo than Jake May and Caleb, both first round startup picks. But at the same time, in the draft last year, I had traded my own first to get that quarterback duo. I traded, I believe it was two first and a second, and I ended up getting Caleb Williams obviously before the breakout year. Feel great about that deal in the macro, but obviously gave up my 104 to be able to do it. At the 104, it would be one thing if I said, "Oh, I could consider Jaren Price. He's in that tier with me, even though I have Tyson and Mendoza ranked higher." I think that's a

reasonable quote unquote reach for position. But when I'm at the 204, let's just say hypothetically for you, if Nick Singleton, Jonah Coleman, everybody above is off the board. I'm not just going to reach on a Katron Allen because I need a body at running back. I'm going to see 204. I'm going to be like, well, who falls? Is it going to be Elijah Surrod? It's going to be a Ted Hurst. Is it going to be a guy that I have ranked straight up higher than the running backs? I'm not going to take a guy like Katron Allen just because I need another addition to this backfield. >> Everyone has made this mistake. Everybody. Yes. Like any dynasty player out there, you do have to learn this one the hard way. I am certain that people are going to comment on this video, man, I needed a receiver last year and I took Matthew Golden over Tyler Warren and Coloulston Love. I needed a running back last year and I took Caleb Johnson over um Acha Ibuka or something like that.

Like there's going to be everybody's made this mistake. So the bottom line is in a rookie draft you do not look to fill needs. If you need a running back, well take your 204 and trade for a running back. Take the player that you want to select at 204. Maybe it's a receiver and now you have a surplus of receivers and you could trade one of your receivers for a running back. So, keep in mind that drafting for need both in the real NFL and in um superflex rookie drafts is how you screw up your team. >> And it's so funny uh because you know how many times in the last week I've gotten DMs being like, "Hey, I noticed you needed this position. Would you be willing to talk?" And I literally just said, "Hey, I'm not competing right now. I have no urgency. Like, I'm not trying to accumulate points this season. Why would I force a trade just to fill a position? What for aesthetic? Yeah. And like obviously it's more applicable to contenders to have team needs and to

think I need a wide receiver three, I need a running back two, I need a quarterback three, I need a tight end one, whatever. But especially when you're rebuilding, I could care less what positions I take when I'm rebuild. I literally could care less. I'll take a four. Like I remember one uh league that I just made a huge trade in today. Actually, during the rookie draft in 2024, I already had selected Drake May and Bo Nicks during the rookie draft and I already had Trevor Lawrence on my roster. So I had three quarterbacks that I felt great about going forward. Michael Pennix fell to me at 205. So I took Michael Penn. I was like, he's my fourth quarterback. I don't need another quarterback. But I figured he was going to be a value accumulation piece because at the time Cousins was just signed there and you know I could hold Michael Penn. I wasn't a contender. And lo and behold, last off season I sold Michael Penn for the 106 um for Trevon Henderson. So had I taken Xavier Legette

or something or you know Adnai Mitchell whoever was going at 204 205 that year I wouldn't have had the opportunity to move Michael Penn for a better asset. Well that's the beauty of BPA because ultimately when you're not in a production contention window every single player on your team is an asset and you're basically buying that stock thinking okay when I'm actually trying to convert into points he's going to be worth at or more than I invested into him. >> Yeah. So don't be lazy. Everybody has needs. just be smart in addressing them. You can use multiple avenues to address them. You could trade current players on your roster. You could trade that pick straight up for a veteran. You could, again, if you're not contending, don't even worry about it until you're close to contending. So again, I brought up the example, comment it down below. If you guys took RJ Harvey or Caleb Johnson over Tyler Warren or Coulson Lovelin, you know exactly what we're talking

about here. If you took those guys over a mecha, you know exactly what we're talking about here. I'm certain a lot of you guys took those dudes over Dart and over Luther Burden as well. So, everyone understands this mistake once they've made it once or twice. >> Sometimes you got to slap your own wrist and stop yourself from making that mistake. I mean, Cory, in teams that I am not competing in, you've seen some of my running back course before. I have trotted out Kyle Cheek and Reggie Gilliam in RB one and two before because I have zero running backs that actually get touches on a roster. >> Yeah. And it's not because you intentionally decided to do that. It's because with your rookie picks, the running back was not the best player available. So, you just kept taking receivers, tight ends, or quarterbacks. >> Yeah. Eventually, if I have to cash in a guy that I have as my wide receiver six on my team, who's currently the wide receiver 19 on the Dynasty market, I can

get a pretty good running back for that guy, I don't have to go and overdraft the running back over him. >> Yeah. And that's exactly why using the Flock Fantasy My Teams and My Portfolio tool is helpful because you can see where you have value accumulation, whether it's at wide receiver, quarterback, whatever. And then you can go, okay, well, I have seven receivers that are inside their expert consensus top 25. I can afford to lose one or two of these guys to address my running back position because it's now a year or two years down the road and my team is ready to compete. I do have enough firepower at the other positions to be able to make moves. So, um yeah, mistake number two, do not draft for need, especially especially especially if you are not competing. If you're rebuilding, need doesn't matter at all to you. You are looking to take the best player on the board who can accumulate the most value and become ultimately the best fantasy asset in the long term. So, um, let's

move into, uh, mistake number three, which is basically taking what the draft class gives you. Now, I think this is an extremely important concept that not everybody takes into account. We know by May 1st, it is today, we know how good a certain class is at each position. We know inherently this was not a deep running back class. We had Jeremiah at the top and Jonah Coleman, Jarian Price, decent running backs at the top, but it was not a class that was going to boast a class like last year. for example, at the running back position. No way. We also knew inherently that if we go to the wide receiver position, it was a better class at wide receiver than it was at running back. It was a better class at tight end than it was at running back and at quarterback especially, too. Not a very good quarterback class. So, when you're taking what the draft class gives you, last year that was running backs and tight ends. Two years ago, it was quarterbacks and wide receivers. This year, it's probably wide receiver depth

and tight end depth. If you don't need wide receiver and tight end depth with your selections, instead of just forcing it, sorting by running back or quarterback, the position you do need, and taking the best player that you see on the board, again, forcing it for need, use strategies. Use some of the trade strategies we talked about at the beginning of this video. Trade up into the territory where you can get a running back or a quarterback if that's what you need. And again, let's say you don't need wide receiver depth, tight end depth altogether. Well, trade out of this class entirely. Trade into the 2027 class. Trade into the 2028 class. trade for a veteran running back or or quarterback if that's what you need. >> Yeah, trading out to 2027 is never going to be a bad thing because ultimately you can you can pretty much project it like Nvidia like you know whatever I acquire the 2027 pick for now probably going to go up at least 20% by the time I'm on the clock next year.

>> Especially if even like even if the class like disappoints to some degree and a couple guys go back to school and whatnot, that pick's probably going to gain value just because it's a year closer. Especially if you're again not a competitive team, you can afford to wait that time. you can afford to hold on to that asset. So once your team looks great because you've hit on a lot of your rookie picks, that's when you're allowed to say, "Well, I could use a running back and this class is not very good at running back, so I'm going to exhaust my options." Like if we go back to the team that you showed here, and you're like, maybe you think that this team is good enough to compete. And you're like, I'm not probably going to get a good running back at 204. I'm going to go to the Chuba Hubard manager and see what he wants for Chuba Hubard or something like that. >> Yeah, I think that's a reasonable path, too. Ultimately though, um, what do we

always say when we get team reviews, Cory? Your team is going to tell you when you're ready to compete. Yeah, you know, I could host money this situation. I can get to week five, week six, and then at that point, if I'm four and two, if I'm five and one or something like that, maybe I, you know, try to cash in my 2027 second, maybe try to cash in my 2027 first, maybe go that path. But realistically, again, I'm listed as a strong rebuilder. I do think this is more likely going to be a year where maybe my 2026 rookies develop baselin going into his second year with a full workload would be at his peak. Then at that point this the Texans offense looks better. Luther Burden more proven of an asset. Ryan Thomas Jr. says Travis Hunter one of them at emer emerge or both of them emerge for that matter. Like there's a lot that still needs to be proven on this team to the point where if I analyze this roster I would say that my contention window would be in 2027. >> Yeah, exactly. You can make those

evaluations. you can make those uh justifications on your team once it's actually ready to compete. But until then, you're just going to keep being patient. Let's move into mistake number four in rookie drafts, which is trying to outsmart the market and consensus. So many people just did uh with the strong dribbling. By the way, this point is not as important this year because there is a pretty strong consensus and I think most people do agree that those top six players in whatever order you take them are the top six players. You're not going to see a lot of veering from consensus. But for example, you and I are a little lower on Jordan Tyson. He's our 105 106. If I think that Mai Lemon should be the 103, which is where I have him ranked, and I know for a fact I'm going to get him at 105, 106, then what's the point of really taking him at 103? I could trade down a pick or two and still get him at 105, 106 if I really wanted to. Again, top six is pretty chalky this year. Everybody kind

of agrees, but there's no reason to like, especially if you have a really wild take. Like if you're like Casey Conpsion's my 103 or something like that, there's no reason for you to actually take Casey Conpion 103. >> Well, you mentioned the Mai Lemon T take. Let's just say hypothetically you're at the 103 in your league. Mai Lemon is your 103. >> You know, at the 104 there's a massive Saints fan in your league. like massive massive he since the Drew Breed Breeze days since the you know uh re Reggie Bush Pierre Thomas like the OG Saints he's been a Saints fan all his life at the 105 you see and you go over to his team on the on the my team's feature his quarterback core is Tua Tongoa and Bo Nicks he doesn't have a set quarterback dude you know what you do in that spot Corey you go to that guy at 105 say hey would you want to jump up this guy at the 104 to go get your quarterback and more than likely if you give him a solid offer he'd be willing to make that type

of move. Now, obviously, if you come at it and say, "Hey, I want your first next year, first year after," he'll probably just brush you off. But if you say, "Hey, I'm kind of indecisive at this 103 pick. Notice you could use a quarterback. Would you send me your 27 second to move up from the 105 to the 103?" More than likely, he would take that deal because he recognizes that Mendoza probably going to be a value in most rooms at the 103. His consensus ADP is at the 102 right now, even if we both don't have a rank there. and he would feel that, oh, 272 to make sure I get my quarterback, perfectly fine making that valuation. >> Yeah. And then conversely too, you can always reach out to other people like in the league. Like it doesn't have to be that you trade down to 105. Maybe you have inside knowledge that your league hates Mai Lemon and you'll get him at 106 or at 107. Like there's chances that he will be on the board at that point. So yeah, this is what we talk about when

we say do your due diligence. Well, obviously you probably don't want to get cute and be like, I think I'm going to get Mai Lemon at 109 and trade all the way down there. No, but you were gonna take Mai limit at 103 anyways. So if you get a 27 second to take him at 105, then you just got a free 20 27 second >> and in and fair war like don't chew like five hours of the clock like um [laughter] >> No, look who's talking. >> Well, that's what I'm saying. I'm like I've done it in the past. Um but don't also just rush your pick in a minute. Like if you know somebody is going to be your pick, sure, take them. That's fine. But if it's a pretty wide range for you, just do your due diligence. see what's out there. It's never going to hurt. The main example that I have, again, I'm not going to be able to get away with this in FSE Leagues because all of you guys are high on Hurst. All of you guys know what's up there. You guys have access to

our rankings. You know, uh, kind of what's up with Ted Hurst. But Ted Hurst is my 2011. You can see in this draft, I took him at the 202. If I'm in a League of Analysts and I know Ted Hurst, he can be available at the late second, early third portion. I would try to take my 2011 and see if I can get another pick attached to move down because ultimately I know in most dynasty drafts Ted Hurst is probably going to be an early to mid- third round pick. >> Yeah. Like the trade that I made is a good example. Somebody offers you 204 and 208 for your 2011 and your 306 or whatever, then that behooves you to just move down, you get Ted Hurst anyways and you moved up and got a better pick in the second round uh to take a better player. So yeah, again, do your due diligence. I think the key point that you outlined there was look at the other teams. Like you know that guy's a Saints fan. He's probably in on Tyson. You know, that guy needs a quarterback. He's probably in on Mendoza. So, don't just

be like, "Hey, this pick's on the block. Anybody want to trade for it?" No. Like, go look at the teams that might actually be willing to move up. Find the team that needs a running back if you have Jadarian Price on the board. Find the team that needs a quarterback if you have Fernando Mendoz on the board and so on and so forth. So, >> I have another example here uh real quick uh just because we were talking about Hurst specifically, and I think this is a good way to outline it. So, this is in the Excontent Guys League. a bunch of familiar names. You've seen like Ron's in here, Dave Clou is in here. Um, you know, Jacob Sanderson, Ryan Heath, David Gotier, like a bunch of guys that you guys would maybe know on Twitter, maybe know on YouTube. Eliza Serat, this was a decision for me because I technically do have Serat and Hurst in the same tier of my rankings. I realized it's much less likely that Serat would fall to my 301 based on ADP than Ted Hurst would. So, that broke a

tie for me. I take Sarat the 26 and I still get Ted Hurst to fall to me at the 3-1 here. On top of that, I mentioned Justin Jolie was able to get him at the 37. So, leaving this draft with a hall of Jeremiah Love, Mai Lemon, Fernando Mendoza, Kenyan Sadi, Omar Cooper. You guys can see the names. Like, I am feeling ecstatic at this hall. >> Yeah. The only thing that would be better is if you took Geral instead of Ted Hurst. >> Yeah. I mean, that's the that would be the Bushy Boy difference, you know? >> Yeah. No, that would be that would be who I would have taken there. But that's a good example. Again, I have Derala ranked as my 202. Like, he just went 302 in an analyst draft. Like, I don't need to take him at 202. That's how you avoid kind of trying to outsmart the market. I can still get plenty of shares of Drew Aller taking him one or two picks ahead of ADP as opposed to taking him seven or eight picks ahead of ADP. So, um, let's move into mistake number five. And

again, what's up? >> One more thing. You mentioned the Conpsion 103 point. If you have him as your 103 for reference, you you also talked about the Adiko chart. 98% of the time Casey Conpsion will be on the board at the 106. So even if you have Conpsion as your 103 in the class, you know that only 2% of the time if you traded down to 106, you would actually get sniped on him. >> Yeah, exactly. So again, take advantage of those landing spots. Use this chart. I think it's a good example. Again, Elijah Surroad is another example you brought up. 90 what is it? 92% of the time he's going to be on the board at 203. So if he's your 112, then trade down to the 203 and you're almost guaranteed to get him at that point in time. Again, don't get too cute unless you're feeling lucky, but uh definitely something to keep in mind. Mistake number five and what a point number eight overall here. Uh overvaluing landing spot. This one's pretty straightforward. This is a simple

concept to grasp in theory with one example. Clyde Edwards Hair over Jonathan Taylor in 2020. Everybody remembers it. The Kansas City Chiefs took CH. People drafted CH 101 in 2020 rookie drafts over Jonathan Taylor, over Justin Jefferson, over CD Lamb, over Joe Burrow, over all of those guys. Sky Moore went over Garrett Wilson in 2022 in rookie drafts. 2023, people let CJ Strad fall down the board because Houston's a bad landing spot. The Las Vegas Raiders took Brock Bowers. People let him fall down the board in 2024. Last year, people took Matthew Golden probably over Judkin, Ziggbuka, and the tight ends because Matthew Golden went to the better landing spot, quote unquote. So, here's an easy tip. A wide receiver, it's a very good chance that that you're overvaluing landing spot in general because talent usually wins out. Think of Malik Neighbors, CD Lamb, Garrett Wilson, Justin Jefferson, Roma Dunce, Jackson Smith and Jigba, and now we're doing it again with Mai Lemon. If

they're a great wide receiver prospect, [ __ ] works out around them. their quarterback changes, their offensive infrastructure changes, good coaches adapt to good players, they'll start to feature a great receiver if they're a great receiver. >> Yeah, 100%. At the end of the day here, talent always wins out. And obviously when you're breaking within tiers, like for example, if you much prefer Jordan Tyson going to the Saints over Mai Lemon going to the Eagles, like you want to take Tyson one spot above Lemon. Again, we have Lemon ranked higher, but I think that's a reasonable take to have. But it's a completely different thing if you said, "Oh my god, I hate the Browns. I love the 49ers. I'm taking Dejon Stribbling over Casey Conpsion." To me, that is outrageous. >> Yeah. Or you're like, "I hate the the Jets. I'm going to take Eli Stoers over Keny and Sadique or whatever. Unless you actually thought Sadiq Stoers was the better prospect pre-draft, you probably

shouldn't do that. And at quarterback, at running back, and at tight end, it is going to matter more than wide receiver where you go because for opportunity reasons, especially for quarterbacks and running backs. And then for like schematic reasons and target competition, it matters a little bit more for a tight end than it does for a wide receiver. But again, we're not saying landing spots useless. We're just saying don't go crazy with it. Use it to tie break within tears, especially like what you thought of the guys pre-draft. Like if you thought, okay, okay, there was a cluster of receivers, the Jeremy Bernards, the Stribblings, the the Lanes, the those guys. I thought they were all the same pretty much pre-draft. So now I'm going to use landing spot and draft capital this break. >> Yeah. No, I think that's reasonable. You love Antonio Williams and you want to rank him as the top of the tier now because he's got opportunity with Washington. Like that's reasonable. Just

don't go overboard and take him over clearly better prospects. >> Yeah. Like you're not taking him over an you're not taking him over Omar Cooper or whatever. Uh, mistake number six to avoid in rookie drafts is um not factoring in fit. And now this is going to be something if you're a casual Dynasty player, you might not really know as much or a casual football fan. One of the more underrated edges in fantasy football in Dynasty drafts is understanding if the the player went to a good fit for their skill set, for their type of, you know, scheme that they needed to go to. For example, the biggest example to me is I was not that high on Devon Han, the prospect. But once he went to the Miami Dolphins, I was much higher on him because I understood that a wide zone 49ers like scheme that Mike McDaniels was running was absolutely what he needed to go to. And he went to in the third round to a absolutely perfect landing spot. >> Yeah. And uh another example would be

when Puka Nakua was coming out of BYU. Funny because I remember right after that happened, there was the phone call that McVey had with Puka saying, "Oh my god, I got so many visions for you. You're the perfect fit for our offense." We heard him say that. We knew the archetype of wide receiver Puka was, you know, a 6'2, 215 lb power forward type of wide receiver. And yet, we still were questioning it. We're like, "Oh, well, he went on day three. Oh, well, he didn't have the greatest production profile." Then he goes out there in week one and has what, 25 fantasy points. It feels like there was still a buy a buy window for Puka Nakua come week three of the season. Like you remember in Puka Nua's rookie season, Cory, how many shares did I trade for within the first month of the season? >> Yeah. And I was unfortunately on the other end of that where I was telling people to sell him for a first round pick, which process-wise maybe works out nine out of 10 times and the one out of

10 was Puka Nua, unfortunately. But yeah, fit is important and it I I maintain that it makes or breaks prospects. Like Puka Nakua is a great receiver and I'm sure would have been a great receiver on all 31 NFL teams, but would he be the same level of dominant on the Washington Commanders right now? Would Rashi Rice, who's a really good example of this, be the same player on any other team other than Kansas City? >> Yeah, I mean, you can even argue that uh as good as peak Michael Thomas was, like objectively speaking, he probably wouldn't have been as productive in 2019 if he didn't have Drew Brees peppering him 190 targets. >> Yeah, it's when things all come together. Bo Nicks, another great example of this. when he was drafted to Shawn Payeyton's offense, you and I were all over it. We're like, that is the perfect landing spot for Bo Knicks. Last year, Burden and Loveland, great landing spots in Chicago. They were great fits for that offense. I thought Jackson Dart

was an excellent fit with Brian Day. Late round guys like Harold Fannon, great fit for Kevin Stfansky. Some of the great fits that we see this year, again, we're not talking about who their quarterback is. We're not talking about what their, you know, uh, uh, target competition is. talking about the fit, the type of offense that they went to, the type of coach that they're working with. Jonah Coleman to the Denver Broncos. He's worked with Mark Ingram before, a perfect perfect fit. Drew, I've brought up on numerous occasions to the Pittsburgh Steelers. He's developed young quarterbacks that needed mechanical upgrades like Aaron Rogers 15 some odd years ago. >> Well, even though we're lower on the talent of Tai Simpson, for example, we both acknowledge like if it does work out, we could have Pertie in the LA Rams system. Like that was the one team we said like oh my god like he could actually develop extremely well in this spot if McVey views him as the hair hair

app parentent to Matthew Stafford. And sure enough that ended up happening happen happening at 13th overall. So even though we're lower on the talent that Simpson is, we can acknowledge that oh there is a significant upside here because of the offense because of the scheme he went to. >> Yeah. Elijah Serat, they're talking him up as a big slot in Baltimore which is exactly the type of fit he needed to go to. Ted Hurst exceiver, developmental downfield guy to replace Mike Evans. Great fit. Justin Jolie to Denver. He is literally behind his exact ceiling comp and Evan Ingram. Katron Allen to Washington. Brian Robinson replacement. Nick Singleton to Tennessee. They've used a pony style receiving back like Tyrone Tracy. Brian Dable has before. Deont Claybourne to Minnesota. I thought he was an excellent excellent fit for Kevin Oonnell system. You think of um how they used Kairen Williams when he was with the Rams. Like there are so many great fits. Adam Randall to Baltimore working behind maybe the best

running back of all time of his size profile in Derrick Henry >> which is really exciting because if you saw the call on that uh I mentioned this on our live stream but uh the owner actually made that pick and basically Davos Sweeney talking about Adam Randall said he's one of the best characters that he's ever personally worked with and this is the size profile that you want. Derrick Henry is a 30 plus year old running back. Derrick Henry has a ton of mileage on his body. Like Adam Randle can learn from Derrick Henry and if there's a four-week stretch this year between weeks 10 and 13 where he can profile to 15 touches, he could end up being a league winner even in reddraft. >> Well, and it works the other way, too. Caleb Johnson went to an offense where it was gap and powerheavy. He was a zone rushing running back in college and that's probably part of why it didn't work out for him at the next level. Same with uh same with Keon Coleman. He was probably best suited to be a big slot in

the NFL and they forced him into being an ex receiver. >> Yeah. No, I I think that's a very good point. Um, also want to make a final reference on the Puka stuff. Uh, in the first month of the year, I remember a tweet circulating that this guy got absolutely ripped apart for I believe it was he got Puka Nua and a second round pick for Jordan Addison in a first and everybody was absolutely all over this guy. Like, how do you do that? Jordan Addison went higher. Jordan Addison was the better prospect. Jordan this, Jordan that. like he's probably looking back at some of those tweet bookmarks and laughing. >> And to be fair, I think process-wise that wasn't necessarily the best move even at the time. But you take a risk on a guy in Puka who absolutely was a great fit. Mistake number seven, this is kind of for our own purposes. Um, make your own mistakes, fellas. >> We say this every year. It is your fantasy football team. If you do not like what we say about a certain

prospect, then don't draft them. Like, like honestly, like be profitable in dynasty leagues. Have fun in your dynasty leagues. Whatever your goal is, make your own picks, make your own mistakes. If you have conviction last year, for example, that we were way too high on Travis Hunter. Like for like we look back at hindsight, it's only been one year, but let's say >> you lost value. You can easily >> lost value and there was no way you were going to take him over Amarian Hampton or Tedo McMillan who we both were willing to take him over. >> Make your own mistakes, hit your own home runs. If you didn't agree with that opinion and you faded our opinion on that, then you obviously came out smelling like a rose. Maybe you can also pick and choose parts of our analysis you agree with. I'm sure you guys already do this. Maybe you didn't like that part of our analysis, but you loved the Herald Fannon stuff. You loved the Aronda Gadson shout outs and you drafted

plenty of those guys. I know on the tight ends to target and avoid, tons of you guys commented, I'm in five dynasty leagues and I have both of them in all five because of you last year. So, just know whatever we say here is what we're actively doing. Like, we're in 30 combined dynasty leagues between the two of us. So, we're simply sharing our strategy with you and ultimately it is your team. You're clicking the draft button. So, if you don't agree with what we say, feel free to to veer off of it. Maybe you liked Rashi Rice in 2023. We didn't. >> So, an example of this that I have uh and I'm going to go back on Flock and pull it up because Cory, I'm referencing the FSE Listener Dynasty League, and you've seen how good that team is. I will show it on the screen for anybody that hasn't seen that team, but it is uh a juggernaut. It is stacked to the core. >> He didn't lose. >> Um uh wrong screen, by the way. Uh here. Perfect. I went undefeated last year as

the first. You see 14-0, 14 win streak, juggernaut. Team is stacked. Allen, Herbert, obviously I'm probably going to need a quarterback three. I'll figure that out close to the season because maybe even Brassette starts the year. Uh Gibbs, Kairen, Barkley, etc. Chase, Puka, Jefferson, etc. Trey McBride have all my picks this year. Have all my picks next year. And Corey, there is one deal I made in particular where I basically gave up a Monra St. Brown in a first round pick for Cam Acres and Trayon Burks a couple years ago. That is arguably my biggest mistake in Dynasty. And yet, if you make consequentially good moves around that roster, you can still have a juggernaut. At the end of the day, if you're sending out volume, 90% of the deals you're making with good process, 90% of the deals you're making with incremental games gains, even if there's that one deal you got completely woodshed on, you can still recapture the value. >> Yeah. No, exactly. So, not really a make

your own mistakes point, but definitely a uh be act. Yeah, be active, you know, make a lot of moves, make a lot of uh trades when you can, and like you said, incremental gains. You're not going to win every single deal, but if you made, let's say, 15 trades over the course of a two-year sample, and you won nine or 10 of them, then your team is going to be better off. >> Yep, for sure. >> So, that is the end of the video. Again, this was more of a macro strategy type of video, but there was a lot of micro stuff that we talked about for this year's draft class specifically. If you enjoyed, leave a like down below. I mean, this is the type of thought process, the type of strategy that goes into our rankings. So, if you guys want our Dynasty Rookie draft guide, our 60 plus uh prospect writeups, prospect breakdowns, hundred a thousand, sorry, film hours of us breaking down these prospects and getting to the grades that we got to. You can watch all of those on the site. Use the promo code FSE. Sign

up for a Flock Fantasy site subscription. and you'll get our rankings, our trade calculator, our my team's feature, the prospects tab, everything we showcased in this video, all linked down below in the pin comment. You can get started with a 7-day free trial. You can't see the draft guide on the first seven days, but you can see the rankings. You can see the other features and decide whether or not it's um valuable to you and and choose to sign up for a subscription or choose to cancel your subscription. So, um check that out if you guys are interested. And as we've made reference to a couple times as well, if you want to get the best deal possible out there, you can just sign up on underdog fantasy right now using our promo code FSE and make a play of any kind. Enter a puppy draft, enter a baseball mania draft, do a pick them entry on NBA or NHL playoffs or whatever MLB uh regular season going on right now. and you'll get our Dynasty rookie draft, our Dynasty film

breakdowns, and our reddraft rankings and our start set rankings once they come out later on this offseason for free with a $10 signup with promo code FSE. So, both of those things will be linked down below in the pin comment if you guys are interested. Leave a like while you're down there. Subscribe to the channel if you guys are new around here. But with that being said, peace out and we'll talk to you soon.
