This is the final prospect model video. Quarterbacks to target and avoid going through the entire 2026 quarterback class for those of you guys that are superflex players. Definitely something that could end up being valuable if we can hit on those hidden gems. Make sure we're drafting Mendoza appropriately. Make sure we're drafting Simpson appropriately and so on. Everything will be covered in today's video. Process-wise, the only difference between the prospect model for the quarterback position and for the other positions is this. Of course, fantasy PPR point per game production is what we're aiming for, but we also extend this to the first four years. Quarterbacks generally do take a little bit longer to develop. So, we don't go years one to three like we do for the running back position. And then the other factor that we determine as a hit in their peak keep trade cut dynasty value. For the other positions, I did it postyear one. So, running backs, wide receivers, and tight ends after their

first seasons, they would be officially eligible to see where they peaked in terms of dynasty value. But for quarterbacks, I did it postear two. For starters, a lot of quarterbacks did not play their rookie seasons, like your Trey Lance, JJ McCarthy types. And also, postear two is a better example. I think by the end of a quarterback second season, we have a pretty good feel for if they're going to be a franchise quarterback or if they're not going to be a franchise quarterback. So, I didn't want things to be skewed on what was a hit and what wasn't because otherwise Anthony Richardson would qualify as a hit because post year one he had a really good year uh year two dynasty value entering his season. Trey Lance, same thing. So, I feel like after a quarterback sophomore year, we know a lot more about what they can become. The model inputs are a little bit different as well. 35% analytics, 25% traits, and then 40% film because draft capital is such a major major part of getting on

the field at the quarterback position. you can't start games. You can't be a fantasy relevant quarterback if you're taken in the fifth round in your team as Patrick Mahomes. So definitely more important to be drafted highly at this position than it is at running back, wide receiver, or tight end. And you guys can see the hit rates and the prospect buckets on the screen here. I've gone over it in other videos. So if you guys want to go back and listen to how the prospect model was built, I'll link last year's video down below when I actually built the thing. Generational being 85% plus FSE grade, foundational 70% plus. Boomer bust meaning they could go either way. And then QB up QB2 upside usually day two and day three quarterbacks with some upside is where those will reside. And then waiverwire and fodder usually not very relevant. We we can see actually a waiverwire or fodder quarterback has never put up basically high-end QB1 or top 10 quarterback one production. And then

when we look at dynasty value the R squared for the PPR points per game 0.4831 which was pretty high compared to the overall draft capital. It was in fact let me pull up the exact hit rate here. it was 33.6% more predictive to follow the prospect model than it was to follow draft capital alone. And then at the dynasty value portion of it, 0.6275 R squared for this. And it was 13.74% more predictive to follow when uh trying to predict peak dynasty value. So, similar to the other models, here's four different quarterbacks who were all selected in the top 10 of the NFL draft, each one with a different label. because of their FSE grade. You could see that it's not really fair to compare Joe Burrow to Anthony Richardson. One of them being you need a godfather offer to move off of him because he was that good of a prospect. The other being a boomer bust quarterback. And we know that it's more likely bust for Anthony Richardson than it was boom. Um because guys like Burrow and Caleb and those guys are more

no-brainer type of top 10 picks, whereas a guy like Richardson definitely not in that range there as well. So, guys who also scored um sub 3% of their uh mobility grade, which is a portion of the traits grade, they were labeled as pocket passers. Guys who fell between 3% and 6% were labeled as mobile quarterbacks. And then guys who were 6% or higher of the total 9% of that grade were labeled Konami, which means they're high-end rushing quarterbacks. And again, in ideal worlds, we want Konami and mobile quarterbacks, not necessarily pocket passing quarterbacks. So, if you skipped ahead to this part, the 2026 quarterback class, we're going to compare their prospect profiles to other prospects we've seen. Now, with this position especially, it is really important to contextualize that the comparisons I'm making is not necessarily to say they're going to be a hit or they're going to be a miss. It's to understand the type of bet that we're making. Where was that quarterback going

in rookie drafts, where was that player uh in relation to this quarterback we're talking about now? And how did we feel about them when they were coming out versus how we feel about this prospect now? That's what we're trying to contextualize here. We're trying to get a marker to say how good of a first overall quarterback is Fernando Mendoza, how good of a top 15 quarterback is Tai Simpson, and so on. Quarterbacks are by far the hardest to evaluate in probably all of professional sports, but definitely in the NFL. Just use the comps to understand the caliber of bet that we're making, the expected hit rate, and so on. Any quarterback can hit in the right landing spot with the right coaches, with the right weapons, with the right protection, with the right scheme around them. Look at Brock Py. who was the very last pick in the draft and he ended up hitting big time. So getting into the quarterback one in the model, it is of course Fernando Mendoza who is the best quarterback in the 2026

NFL draft. I guess for Mendoza, the point of this exercise is not to say he's quarterback one because I think we all expected that. The point of this exercise is to say how good of a first overall pick is he because we want to understand that the difference between Fernando Mendoza and Joe Burrow is a wide discrepancy. the difference between Fernando Mendoza versus like Cam Ward versus Jared Goff. That's more the conversation that we're talking about here. He is currently my 104. I can see him, if you guys are in a superflex league, taking him as high as 103 behind only Carnell Tate. I could take him over Mai Lemon if I absolutely had to and I really needed the quarterback position, but in most situations, I am going to take Mai Lemon and maybe even Jordan Tyson over him as well. Foundational quarterbacks from a pure hit rate standpoint have a high hit rate 53% of the time. They peak as top five dynasty quarterbacks post year two of their career. So that's pretty high. 50% of

the time you're getting an asset. A top five dynasty quarterback is going to go in the first round. So that is definitely a really really high-end dynasty asset. 80% of the time are going to hold QB1 value overall. So be in the top 12 of quarterback rankings after their second year and beyond. And then 80% of them are also going to produce a season of at least 18 fantasy points per game, which generally is about quarterback 10 to 12 on any given year. Landing spot-wise, if you compare him to all of the guys that show up here, I think he has the best landing spot of all of them. You think of Jared Goff going to work with Jeff Fischer where all they really had at the time was Todd Gurley, limited other weapons, limited offensive line. Sam Darnold went to the Jets, enough said. Cam Ward really had nobody at wide receiver last year. Had a terrible coach. Drake May definitely looked the best out of all these guys as rookies. However, that was a lot more to do with Drake May than it was to do with

Gerrod Mayo and some of the bums that they had around him weapons and offensive linewise. That just proves how good Drake May actually was. Ashen Genty, Brock Bowers, some of the pieces on the O line like Linderbomb and Clint Kubak seems like a pretty good spot for a first overall pick to land compared to some of the other guys that he is um being compared to in this territory. So, plus you also have Kirk Cousins who could end up starting a game or two, maybe three, four games at the beginning of his career to maybe help ease him into the NFL. There are no boomer prospects in the model. Uh and foundational quarterback is the the only one is Fernando Mendoza. So again, as we probably know already, this was not a very good quarterback class relative to like 2024s or what people are expecting of next year's class. There are some quarterback 2 upside prospects. Remember what I said at the beginning of this video. Usually quarterback two upside prospects are really solid day two bets, really great day three bets or bad

quarterbacks who went in the first round. Usually that's how you get to a quarterback two upside prospect. 21% of the time these guys have a fantasy quarterback one season in their career. So again, not necessarily a good hit right there. You're talking like a one in five chance. Usually if they hit, they don't peak on the market as super high-end guys. Like when you hit a quarterback two upside, it's usually a guy that you have a nice selling window on, but it's probably not a long-term fixture of your dynasty team. Quarterback ones uh peak 13% of the time. And then they peak as quarterback twos, which is why the the tier is called quarterback two upside as uh 21% of the time. So a top 24 quarterback in market value. The next quarterback on the list here is Tai Simpson. As most people would expect, the quarterback two in this class. Tai Simpsons comps are bad. You can see here among first round quarterbacks, his only real comparisons are Jordan Love good. Kenny Picket bad.

Paxton Lynch bad. Um, early second round guys or second round quarterbacks like Kyle Tras and Drew Lock also show up as well. This is why I'm lower on Tai Simpson the prospect. Yes, we absolutely love Shawn McVey. We love learning behind Matthew Stafford. We love having Puka Nakua there long term. Devonte Adams and some of the other weapons that they have once he starts some games. He could very well be the next Jordan Love. Jordan Love is a reasonable comparison for this situation. That is his closest comparison in terms of if things go well. However, the other side of the coin is that this territory has a 21% hit rate. Again, stick to the hit rates and you'll usually make out pretty well long term. His best comparable in terms of his profile on the bad side of things is Kenny Picket or Paxton Lynch. So, that's a big yikes. That's not what we want out of Tai Simpson if you draft him anywhere between 108 and 110 in a rookie draft in superflex leagues. Point blank period. This was a bad quarterback

prospect elevated to day one. He should not have gone in the first round based on his profile. Now again, people have their film takes. People have, "Oh, well, if he didn't get injured, X, Y, and Z would have happened, and that's fair. However, let's take a look at the list of quarterbacks since 2016 to be selected with a top 100 NFL draft pick, so a top three round pick who had less than 20 or 20 or less career starts. You could see that the only hit on this list is Kyler Murray, Trey Lance, M. Jones, Dwayne H. Haskins, Mitch Trabiscy, Anthony Richardson, Davis Mills. Every other quarterback other than Kyler Murray on this list did not make it to their second contract with the team that drafted them. So, he is basically a worse prospect than all of those guys. He doesn't have the fantasy upside even that a Tre Lance or an Anthony Richardson had because of what the ceiling of their rushing represented. So, at least in their perspective, it was a little bit more understandable why

we were taking them because it was like, okay, Tre Lance, boomer prospect, but if he hits, man, it could be absolutely exceptional from fantasy perspective because he could run the ball like crazy. Same with Anthony Richardson. So, I don't think he had the high-end production too of a M. Jones, of a Dwayne Haskins, of a Mitch Trabiscyc. Like, you go look at their college numbers their final season, and they were much much better than Tai Simpson's numbers. So, again, if we're saying he's essentially a worse version of M. Jones, a worse version of Mitch Trabiscy, I'm avoiding him in drafts. I love the landing spot. It's best player available if you really, really want to go after him. But trade down, trade away that pick. Trade for a veteran quarterback. like I'm going to probably do everything in my power to not actually hit the draft button on Tai Simpson if I'm faced with the decision and I need a quarterback. I would much rather trade that 108, that 109, that 110 pick for

Jared Goff, for Baker Mayfield, for a uh add a plus to it and go get CJ Strad or Cam Ward or maybe you could trade it and take a gamble on a Bryce Young or a Tyler Shuck. Just don't select Tai Simpson in your rookie draft. But I'm telling you right now, he is a guy that he's going to hold value until he starts games because, you know, everyone understands that this is a Jordan Love situation and Matthew Stafford's playing at a high level. But my expectation here is he's going to be the next JJ McCarthy where maybe he sits out his entire rookie season, Rams win the Super Bowl or Rams do well and he goes to, you know, start next season and it's a great landing spot. a great coach just like J.J. McCarthy and he still looks like he's going to flame out in the NFL even despite having that year to sit, even despite having um you know all the weapons that he's going to have. And JJ McCarthy, keep in mind, was actually a better prospect than uh Tai Simpson. So,

not a good situation for Ty Simpson. If you were wondering coming into this video, how does Ty Simpson stack up? The answer is not good. Jordan Love's the only, you know, ceiling case here. Every other quarterback basically of this territory doesn't work out. So, not a good situation for Tai Simpson. Basically, a 20% chance that he ends up hitting. If he does hit, he could be Brock Pury all over again. But I am very, very worried myself. Quarterback three in the model is Drew of the Pittsburgh Steelers. As you guys know, pre-draft, if you watch our quarterback rankings video, all was actually my QB2 over Tai Simpson. I would rather bet if I'm talking about two risky quarterback prospects, which both of these guys are, I would rather bet on the guy with higher tools, like better arm, bigger, better mobility, higher upside overall, and more collegiate experience, a lot more collegiate experience as a starter and a lot bigger sample size of him being good, conversely, being bad at

times as well. And a former five-star recruit who has a very, very high ceiling versus a guy that flashed for eight games, got injured by the end of the only season he was starting. and over a four-year career never really showed anything else other than that eightgame sample size this season. I have to respect the top 15 draft capital that Tai Simpson had. That's why I have him ranked QB2 and that's why he's ranked at 109 110 for me. But I'm probably never going to actually select him there. Like I said, if I'm picking at 109 or at 110 and I need a quarterback, I'll trade down and take Drewer at 205. I'll trade for a veteran quarterback. I'll trade out of the class entirely into 2027. That is probably what I'm going to be doing. The comps here for Drew Aller aren't excellent outside of round one. You're not looking at a ton of hits that come from like a Drew Aller type of frame of mind. The only real big hit that you could see and it is in fact his best comparable is Dak

Prescott where Dak Prescott slid I believe due to off the- field concerns. You also have guys like Mason Rudolph who had opportunities to start for their team. Could he be Will Levis 2.0? Absolutely. I believe they were actually teammates at one point and Levis transferred away from Penn State to get away from Drewer. Steelers have Mike McCarthy who developed a young Aaron Rogers who fixed his mechanics, fixed his throwing motion and to some degree Dak Prescott as well because Dak was not a super old quarterback when Mike McCarthy got there either. Aller has basically one of the greatest of all time ahead of him on the depth chart assuming Aaron Rogers is back this year and all he has to do is beat out Will Howard who he was drafted three rounds earlier then who was not drafted by this current regime, this current coaching staff. I expect Drew to have an opportunity to start games at some point over the first two years of his career. Maybe it's Rogers plays another year and retires. Maybe it's Rogers gets injured

this year and all gets in there. Maybe it's all is the starter from week one this year because Rogers isn't coming back. We have no real idea at this point. But when he does get on the field, DK Metaf, Michael Pitman Jr., Jeremy Bernard, Pat Frymouth, and Darnell Washington, decent young stable of running backs with Rico Dattle and Jaylen Warren. And you also have Caleb Johnson who can maybe give you something. A young and improving offensive line, a Swiss Army knife weapon like Eli Henrik. This is a pretty decent situation for Drew Aller. And like I said, the important thing for me is Mike McCarthy knows how to develop quarterbacks. For all the that we could give Mike McCarthy about never winning the big game and that kind of thing, he can develop a young quarterback. So in this year's class where after the 110, 111, 112 come off the board, we don't feel great about anything or anybody. I am comfortable taking the swing on Drew Aller. As you guys know, I have him ranked as 2011,

202, 203. If you need a quarterback, I am all in on taking him because I do think this feels very similar to Jackson Dart last year. First round pick aside, I do think they were very similar prospects and I would have been very comfortable taking Drew with a late first round pick if I was running an NFL franchise because again, similar tools, similar mobility, probably a better arm on Drew Aller and probably a lot more experienced starting games as well. The opportunity to skyrocket in pick value. If you ask anybody right now, do are you happy that you took Jackson Dart at the 203 the 204 last year, took the risk on that young quarterback who had an opportunity to start games? I'm sure everybody would say yes because he was an absolute monster once he got on the field starting games. And I think the same could be true of Jeroll. He can run the ball like Jackson Dart. He can throw the ball downfield like Jackson Dart was doing last year and he has better weapons even than Jackson Dart had doing

it last season because Malik Neighbors was out for the entire time that Jackson Dart was starting games. So, for me, I like Drew Aller and I very much liken him to a guy like Jackson Dart. I am going to be probably very, very overweight on shares of him. He will most likely be one of my highest rostered players, period, at all positions in Dynasty Superflex rookie drafts. If it doesn't work out, happens. I wasted a 204 in this class. 204 is going to get wasted 90% of the time, most likely across the board. Quarterback four in the model, we have um Cole Payton, not Carson Beck. Cole Payton, who has a smash label as a day three quarterback. He lands in a sneaky good landing spot as well. Jaylen Herz, I know Eagles fans get mad when I say this. There's been whispers that with another bad season, another couple bad seasons, he could, you know, fall out of favor with the Philadelphia Eagles franchise. I understand he won them a Super Bowl. He won them Super Bowl MVP. Took him to two Super Bowls, but Danny's

Cole Payton comp was actually Jaylen Herz for uh like an FCS version of him. He's exceptionally gifted athletically. He would need some time for sure, but he gets to marinate, learn behind a backup, a quarterback who won a Super Bowl, who won a Super Bowl MVP, who knows how to do the right things behind the scene. I'm not suggesting that Jaylen Herz is going to be gone this year or gone next year even. But what about two years from now? What about three years from now? Cole Payeyton, if he has an opportunity to learn and sit behind Jaylen Herz, could learn the speed of the NFL, which is obviously a big jump coming from North Dakota State, and also get some more experience because he didn't have that much experience, just like Tai Simpson coming into the league. Cole Payton's biggest issues for me were the fact that his internal clock weren't like quite there yet, which is again going to be an adjustment in the NFL, and also some of his mechanical stuff needed some work as well. So, to me,

anytime you get a guy with a smash label, I'm going to be taking shots on them regardless of their price tag. And with Cole Payton, you can get this guy in the fourth round of rookie drafts when it's desolate. It is barren. And he's actually buried down the board in Sleeper ADP to the point that you might actually get him undrafted in some cases because people don't see him if they're following the ADP. So Cole Payton, another one of these guys I'm going to take the shot on because as you could see from that list of comps, he turns into Jaylen Milro or Brock Perie or even like a Rattler type would be a significant return on investment from where you actually are selecting this player because again he's going to go off the board 405 408 in a lot of people's leagues, maybe undrafted. I'm going to take the swing on him him every day of the week because maybe over the next two to three years I have a selling window. Even if I don't believe in the guy overall, he might get on the field

because Jayen Hurt's also a mobile guy. maybe gets hurt or something like that. Cole Payton, guy that I'm definitely in on. Quarterback uh five in the model. And the last guy that we're going to talk about in depth here is Carson Beck. Carson Beck goes in the third round to the Arizona Cardinals. Has a few things going for him. Number one could get some starting reps right away because BC is there. There's some contract stuff. However, the Arizona Cardinals expect to be not a very good team and they could be picking high next year in a quarterback class that is much better than this past year's quarterback class. Number two, great weapons around him. Trey McBride, Michael Wilson, Marvin Harrison Jr., they just drafted Jeremiah Love third overall. I mean, you can't really ask for a much better situation for a young quarterback. The best comparison here in terms of like overall makeup of the profile for Carson Beck is like a Will Greer or a Matt Carral, maybe a Spencer Rattler type. But who

knows, man, what if he's this year's Tyler Shuck? The Arizona Cardinals could win seven or eight games. It's possible. I'm not saying it's likely. They're not projected for that. But what if Carson Beck goes out there? What if Purset wins them? They're three and five when Brassette gets benched or gets injured or they want to see what Beck looks like and they finish with seven wins and they're out of the quarterback market in 2027 because Beck played well enough just like Tyler Shuck did with the Saints last year. So when you're an experienced college quarterback where you were like a four or fiveyear starter, you have two national championship rings as a backup in college and you also took your team to the national championship this year with Miami. I think Carson Beck has a lot more upside than people give him credit for. Bo Nicks, Jaden Daniels, and Cam Ward. Those are the only quarterbacks in the prospect model with more starts in college coming out than Carson Beck. So,

like I said, maybe he can get on the field right away, take his team to seven to eight wins, and be uh the reason they're not in the quarterback market next year. So, for me, the only difference between next year's class and this year's class with the Tyler Shuck comparison is that obviously in next year's class, quarterback four or five might still be a first round pick versus this year, quarterback four or five was going off the board in the third, fourth round. So for me, Carson Beck definitely worth a shot as well. Don't go crazy with him. I think 23 turn is about where I start to consider him. I don't want to take him before that. I think the highest I've taken him in a rookie draft so far was 210. So um don't go crazy and taking him at like 2011 or something like that. He is probably more likely a guy that goes late in the second round because he's also a pocket passer, not the type of guy that's going to run the ball a ton. So waverwire quarterbacks

and beyond, these guys just don't really matter, frankly. Diego Pavia, who went undrafted, he's going to the Ravens mini camp. Uh Kade Clubick, fourth round pick to the New York Jets. Tayen Green, sixth round pick to the Cleveland Browns. Then we also have like Haynes King and Jaylen Daniels. Got some backup potential jobs there with like the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for Jaylen Daniels. The only guy that I really am interested in from this group is Kade Clubick. One, he was drafted the highest of this group. And two, his number suffered so bad in 2025 because of an ankle injury and poor play and whatnot that had this year not happened, if we wiped it off of Kate Clubnick's resume, he probably would have gone in the late first round. So, at least there's that upside that we've seen it before. At the very least, you would have gone in the day two area like Beck and Aller went. The Jets need a quarterback. We know this this season. We all expect them to stink and we all expect them to have a pick that's a

quarterback in next year's class. However, what if Gino Smith luck boxes them way their way into five wins or something before week 10? And then there's a 2 to 5% chance now that they're not going to take a quarterback in 2027 because Kade Clubnik actually gets on the field and takes a good offensive line, a good young weapons group, good run game, decent defense to a seven or eight win record and now they're out of the quarterback market. Again, they have the pick capital unlike Arizona. They have three first round picks in 2027 to trade up for their quarterback. But there's a maybe 5% chance that Kade Clubnick ends up being their guy. Not a high chance, but again, maybe there's a chance. Let's say week 11 comes along and you're in a league where there's a lot of quarterback injuries and somebody wants to trade for a quarterback who's starting games. You could maybe sell Kade Clubick for a third round rookie pick or something and just cash out on that investment because

Cade is going for nothing in rookie drafts right now. You can get him in the mid- fourth round, maybe undrafted, and at some point he might be able to be an incremental gain for you. Throw him into the back of a trade package. Maybe you can package him plus Gino Smith to a contending team that needs a quarterback. basically nobody else that's interesting. Otherwise, when we look at the entire quarterback class in 2026, yes, it is a down group. In terms of overall makeup, you could see we have one foundational guy, four QB2 upside, and then a bunch of waverwire and fodder quarterbacks. If we look at at the 2016 class, I would say this is the best comparable where you have Jared Goff kind of comparing to Fernando Mendoza, uh Carson Wentz to Tai Simpson or maybe Paxton Lynch to Tai Simpson, and then you have guys like Dak and Kesler and those guys in the mid rounds who compare to like Drew Aller and Carson Beck and whatnot. I would say this is a slightly worse version of the 2016 class, but it

is the best comparable version that we do have. If we want to look at the overall class without draft capital involved, and I've done this for every other position because I do think it's important to understand what were these prospects simply on paper and on their traits versus where did they get drafted because that's sometimes how you can spot some gems. And for example, if I had done this in 2022, you would see Brock Perie ranking near the top of that class. I think he would have been number one in that class based on this metric. And that would have caused you to draft a lot of Brock Party. So that's why I'm doing this. Diego Pavia is number two in this class even though he went undrafted because he ran the ball pretty well. Again, he doesn't really have NFL size, NFL traits, and it sounds like he's got some attitude issues, but a taxi squad addition. Sure. Cole Payton much higher on here without accounting for the draft capital as well. Drew Aller still

ranking pretty high. Kate Clubnick ranking a little bit higher. You can see how much lower Carson Beck and Tai Simpson are, you know, pushed down the board when you don't account for where they were drafted, especially Tai Simpson. He's like quarterback 10 in the class. if you don't account for the fact that he was QB2 off the board. So, something to keep in mind, something to think about. The model basically thinks that on paper Jaylen Daniels and Talon Green and Haynes King who basically went undrafted or super late, are better quarterback prospects for fantasy than Tai Simpson. So, just keep that in mind. And obviously Tai Simpson's going to get the opportunity because he was drafted 13th overall. But it is something to keep in mind there. Like I said, like the video if you enjoyed. Subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. Make sure that you check out all the other wide receiver to target and avoid, running backs to target and avoid, tight ends to target and avoid. It will give

you a good robust plan for how to attack each position, targets to go after at each position. For example, in this video, Cole Payton's a target, Jer's a target. Um, Kade Clubick's a really, really late round target. In the tight end video, Justin Jolie's a target, etc. So, you can get a good plan for when you're on the board at the third, fourth round. You don't really know what's going on. You can go after those types of guys. And conversely, you can avoid certain guys like I said with uh with Tai Simpson and you know, some of the other players early on in the other videos. So, if you guys want all of our bonus content from our rankings to our trade calculator, which is adjusted to your specific league settings, very important in rookie drafts this time of year, our Dynasty rookie draft guide is fully up-to-date postdraft with landing spots with capital, top 50s for superflex for one quarterback, player writeups, strengths, weaknesses, comps, prospect model stuff integrated right

in. And we also have a video for every single prospect. We basically broke down on film how we got to each of our grades. So, we're not just throwing at the wall so you can see what sticks. You can see us literally talk through the process of the grade that we we gave them. And with all the top prospects, Danny and I are both on those videos with any of the later round prospects. We split those ones up. So, definitely check that out if you guys are interested. over on flockfantasy.com. You can use the promo code FSE right now and you can get a 7-day free trial, 30% off any of the packages, and a free annual live team review if you select the annual Mother Flocker package. And of course, too, if you don't want to sign up on Flock Fantasy, you want to get the best deal out there on the internet. A $100 value, sign up on Underdog Fantasy using a $10 sign up and first deposit and first play. So once you sign up with promo code FSE, make a play on the site with at least $5, $10 total deposit, you will get access to

our Dynasty rookie draft guide, film breakdowns, reddraft guide, and weekly rankings. All that content for the entire year. Obviously, the latter two are not out yet, but you will get them when they are out. Those are all available to you with just a $10 underdog sign up. So you can sign up right now using our code FSE, which is linked down below in the pin comment. So with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon. You beat me. You beat me.
