Today we're breaking down a super flex half tight end premium rookie mock on flockfantasy.com. Let's get it going here. We got 90 second clocks. I'm going to be picking from near the end of the board at the 111. So for those of you guys that are like this class sucks, I'm screwed, there's nothing I can do. I will be, you know, covering you with some advice there. And Danny's going to be picking near the top of the board to help you guys work through some of those decisions. Yeah, no surprise at one. We do have MW McLean taking Jeremiah Love. He's going to figure into maybe the top 15 to 20 of a lot of your redraft leagues. He's going to be a top 15 pick in dynasty. He's going to be the clear number 101. And you guys would have seen based off what we said after the draft, based off, you know, some of the things that we've said on the live streams, on the videos, but I actually do have Carnell Tate as a tier of his own at the 102. Love the landing spot, love the

player, and I do think he's got 130 plus target upside even as a rookie. Yeah, no, absolutely. I think the decision point is going to be Carnell Tate versus McKay Lemon versus Jordan Addison for a lot of people there up at 102. And then, you know, quarterback needy teams maybe factor in Fernando Mendoza. For you, like you said, it's pretty much going to be Carnell Tate no matter what. Once you get into that 103 to 105 range, I think that's when I start to consider McKay Lemon would be my 103, Fernando Mendoza right there with him. And then, and then the discussion between Tyson and Price. If one of us was picking there, we definitely could have gone through that more in depth, but we did talk about it in our super flex rookie tier list video. One thing I do want to shout out to for those of you guys that are just getting back into the scene, I'm sure there's plenty of you guys out there that took a few months off, lived your real lives, came back after the NFL draft, and you got some rookie drafts

coming. You can run rookie mocks on our site with like their live lobbies. You can join them. They're in the like lobby here. You can just go in and do rookie mocks. We have them going on all the time over on the site flockfantasy.com. You do not need to be a paid subscriber to do that. You could be on your free trial. You could have a an inactive account if you chose to not subscribe to the site. But if you do want to subscribe to the site, obviously you get our specific rankings and obviously a ton of other bonus features there. And that is along the bottom of the screen. Kind of chalky so far as far as what's going off the board there. Fernando Mendoza goes. Jarian Price does go up 104 to Jace Plant. So actually over Fernando Mendoza, which I haven't seen in any of my rookie drafts so far. I haven't. The earliest I saw Price go was I believe 105 in one of my drafts. But those top eight players are going to be the top eight in the majority of the classes. I've actually seen Casey go

upwards of 106 at times over Jarian Price in one league, over Kenyon Siddique in a couple of leagues as well. And I typically do see Ty Simpson and Omar Cooper being in that 910 hole. I haven't really seen them go higher than 9 or 10. Yeah, I think it makes sense cuz Siddique's a tight end as we've kind of talked through before. It's easier for him to hit at his position than Omar Cooper for his position. And like as prospects, they're kind of similar prospect caliber as well. As I go through the tight ends to target and avoid, which will actually be live later today as you guys are seeing this, you'll see that that Kenyon Siddique is actually in a tier of his own as far as the prospect model is concerned. And he has an 83% chance expected hit rate for a top six point per game season. So the fact that they spent a top 16 pick on him and he's also going to an offense that, you know, did need secondary targets whether it is him or Omar Cooper, there is definitely going to be

some opportunity for him there. And like you said, Ty Simpson routinely kind of falling towards the end of this top 10 of the guys that went in the first round just because of the risk. Everyone loves the landing spot, but it's not like he was an exceptional prospect by any stretch of the imagination. Yeah, I fully I fully understand it. This is the range after the 110 where I've seen complete chaos. Like once 111 is on the clock, I've seen Jonah Coleman go there. I actually got Jonah Coleman to fall to me at the 201 in one league. I've seen De'Jon Shribling go there. I've seen Eli Stowars go there. Like it's truly the wild wild west once you get to the 111 in the majority of our leagues, at least for us. I'm sure you're going to run to the podium and take a Jonah Coleman, but a lot of people it's a bigger question mark. It's a bigger ambiguous situation. Do they want to take a running back here? Do they want to take a tight end? Like We haven't

really seen the consensus form yet. Yeah, no, for sure. Like like I said, those first round players usually I would say probably 80 to 90% of the leagues are going to be the first 10 players off the board for the most part. And you're going to have to make that decision point. Like you said, for us that's Jonah Coleman. It is a half tight end premium. I think Eli Stowars comes into the conversation here as a guy that year one we're probably looking at Dallas Goedert being the starting tight end, but maybe year two and beyond he can be the become the starting tight end there. If Denzel Boston had gotten a better landing spot, I think this is where he would slot in. But knowing that he's going to be alongside Harold Fannin and alongside Casey Conception, the top targets there for the Browns who don't currently possess a starting quarterback. As you made reference to, I will go with Jonah Coleman here who ends up being like a smash prospect in the model. A guy that even though with fourth round capital in

this class, I'm just going to take whoever the best prospect is. And Jonah Coleman went to a situation with an open backfield in the long term. Short term, JK Dobbins going to be a factor. But in the long term, I think he can carve out that starting early down workhorse role for one of the best offensive lines, one of the best offenses and teams in the league. Yeah, no, I'm on the same page with you there. Also the great factor with the site. Say you follow us. Say you follow Mason. Say you follow Domain. If you're watching this, you're probably more likely to be following us. But like Corey's showing on the scene, you can actually sort the rankings based off whoever you want. So if you want to see my rankings, as you say here, I will be taking Ted Hearst of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Definitely going to be the highest on the site when it comes to him. But realistically, love the skill set. My wide receiver eight coming to the pre-draft. And I do think there's a

role long term to be that X wide receiver for an offense that has shown top 10 level production on a year to year basis. Yeah, no, exactly. Yeah, so site subscribers can obviously non-site subscribers, sorry, can just use the traditional expert rankings, which is a combined opinion of every expert on the site. But yeah, if you are a site subscriber, you can use our specific rankings. And yeah, this this 201 Boston goes off the board, I would say cuz that's Yeah, it's the wild wild west. At a certain point you do have to respect that Denzel Boston was a wide receiver two upside prospect in the model, consensus top six to eight receiver for pretty much every scout across the board. And he did go top 40 in the NFL draft. So what I said in the one video a lot of people kind of agreed with, I think you have to play Casey versus Boston as you almost have to take a stance on any given rookie draft that you're in. You don't want to draft both of them. Let's say you think Boston's the better prospect. Maybe

across your dynasty portfolio you end up with a couple of shares of Boston, maybe one or two shares of Conception. Whereas you in Boston's case, if he had went to the 49ers, then you could easily draft both of these guys, no questions asked. But because they both went to the same team, you almost have to play it through one guy hits, one guy misses kind of situation. Well, that's the main reason why I have stuck firm on Conception over Cooper post-draft is cuz I'm very high on Kenyon Siddique. I'm more likely to take both Jets than I am both Browns. But at the same time, it's kind of that same theory. Like you kind of need one person to be the big payoff, and it might come at the expense of the other. At least with the Jets though, I do have, you know, possibly the idea they trade Sauce Gardner for a big time haul at the draft or at the mid-season point last year. Maybe it comes to the point this season where they're like, "Hey, we love our young athletes on offense that

we just invested in the draft. Maybe that makes Garrett Wilson expendable." Obviously a big time hypothetical, but I think that's a far more likely scenario than the Browns moving off of Harold Fannin, for example. Yeah, Fannin's 21 years old. They're probably not going off of him anytime soon. And yeah, the rest of this middle of the board portion I think looks pretty chalky to me. Like again, the better prospect, Elijah Sorat, or the draft capital in Jermaine Burton. That's the decision a lot of people are going to have to be making on the board with these wide receivers. I think that just generally the the second round across the board will be like let's say seven to eight wide receivers for the most part in most people's dynasty leagues. And you will see a guy like Drew Allar probably mix into the second round. Maybe a guy like Carson Beck mix into the second round. And also potentially these tight ends as you see Eli stuck in the third round. And then Max

Clark obviously Danny would have wanted at the 302 there. I'm on the board here at the 211. It's funny in an actual league that you and I are in, I literally just took Carson Beck with the 209. So I'm right in this territory of, okay, my roster that I specifically had needed a third quarterback. I have Jordan Love and Patrick Mahomes. It's a best ball league. So I want, you know, three quarterbacks ideally. So Beck would definitely be in consideration for me here. I didn't take in that league Jacory Lane because I took Elijah Sorat earlier in the draft. And again, very similar to the Browns and the Jets, you kind of have to take a stance on these Ravens receivers. I doubt both of them work out and smash to the point that you feel great about having both on your roster. So you probably do need to take a stance. For me that will probably be Elijah Sorat most of the time cuz I thought he was the better prospect. But in this situation, because I don't have Elijah Sorat, I'm going to kind of play it

through the fact that Jacory Lane was selected first. Jacory Lane is the prototypical X in this offense. Maybe plays in more two wide receiver sets or whatever the case. So I'll roll with Jacory Lane here. Would be a tough discussion between him, between Beck, and then maybe even Elijah Sorat. >> Yeah, I mean, taking Beck would be interesting because Jacory Brissett is there. He's not a long-term quarterback option. I think the the Cardinals are definitely going to want at least see what Beck can do at some point this year. But the leash is going to be short there for Beck. Taking the quarterback is definitely the highest upside from a value accumulation standpoint because if Beck is a starting quarterback going into next year, he's going to be a top 20 to 25 dynasty QB. And probably have, let's say, a late first round price tag on the open market. And you spent a late second rounder to get him. Yeah, no, for sure. We see Jolie go off the board there as the tight end five.

I am just going to take my tight end here. It would be between him and Beck. They're the next two rated players on my board. But I do have Oscar Dolph relatively aggressive based on the consensus. I love the landing spot, love the pace of play. And I do think if this guy can develop, we could be talking about a player that maybe they move off of Olave in a year and a half because they realize, "Oh Jordan Tyson's our one. Oscar Dolph's going to be the, you know, the second target underneath focal point of this offense." Again, you don't find 447 that elite athlete quite often. And I do think the third round capital they invested in him point to the fact that they want to develop this guy into one of the best in the league. Yeah, yeah, no, for sure. I I like again, you're going to see in the tight ends to target and avoid later today that I'm definitely not of the opinion that you should take Oscar Delp over any of the other Reardon, Kmet, or Jolly. In your case, you didn't. They were off the

board already. Um but I actually do think there should be a little bit of a tier gap between those guys just because while he's an excellent athlete and he moves differently and stuff, the production profile was really bad. And it is definitely a tier discrepancy between him and those Reardon, Kmet, and Stowers and Jolly types of tight ends that are going to go off the board. But I do understand, you know, the Saints are going to throw the ball like crazy. They run a lot uh 11 sorry three wide receiver sets. Uh the current tight end, Juwan Johnson, isn't the greatest blocking tight end in the world. They could definitely develop Oscar Delp into a Y tight end, a prototypical Y. And if you get him in line 40 50% of the time and he's able to work against linebackers, against safeties, like the speed, the athleticism is going to showcase itself. For an offense, like I said, that might throw the ball more than any other offense in the league. Or at least non-elite quarterback offenses

in the league like the Bengals. Well, and the thing is like people can say, "Oh, maybe the raw the raw run rate's going to be higher because they signed Travis Etienne." Well, it's not like this this has been a team that's been relying upon a high raw pass rate. It's because they run so many [snorts] damn plays on a weirdier basis. And it's not just Ben with the New Orleans Saints in his first year as a head coach. We've seen it with Kellen Moore at Dallas, at Philadelphia. Philadelphia one of the highest pace years that they had with Jalen Hurts's tenure. So uh really excited about the future aspect of the Saints' offense assuming Shuck can prove that you know, at the end of the season he's legit the guy. Can he be the guy this year as well? I do, you know, lean that he will. Yeah, no, for sure. And um one maybe underrated like redraft thing for uh Travis Etienne is if they're throwing like crazy and they're running a lot of up-tempo stuff.

>> ceiling. He can catch a lot of passes in that offense. Three rookie pass catchers out of the top four? Yeah, no, it's pretty crazy. I I might have to move Etienne up in my redraft rankings and maybe consider, you know, him being one of the better like buy candidates for contending teams in dynasty as well because if you need a back-end RB1, high-end RB2 projection with more upside, like I said, he Etienne's a multi-time RB1 finisher. It's possible that he has, you know, uh one of the best seasons of his career in New Orleans and catches 75 passes or something like that. Kamara obviously going to be a big factor in the passing game, too. But um yeah, just something I thought of off the top. Um looking at the third round, I think this is where you're going to see, you know, the less exciting wide receivers that went on day two, the Chris Burcells, uh Skylar Bell I guess went on day three, but he goes to the Bills. Uh Zachariah Branch, he's going to be a guy that I probably end up

with a little bit more than I think I'm going to just because Atlanta's depth chart is pretty wide open. I get that he's a gadget guy and he's going to be a short-to-intermediate target, but uh Kyle Pitts, it doesn't sound like they want to commit to him long-term. And uh Drake London's the only other real threat to pass uh to take pass catching away from Zachariah Branch. So if he's going to be on the board in the mid-third round, late-third round, I'll definitely get some shares of him cuz I actually have him right uh ranked at the 302, 303. Yeah, no, yeah, pretty good value there for sure. Uh we both like Branch in terms of what he could represent. Obviously, there's some, you know, question marks in terms of the road tree that he had in college, but realistically, this is a Falcons team that needs juice and it pains me that my boy Adam Randall went off the board cuz I want him at 402. I was I was like, "Oh, surely I get Demond Claiborne here." He's like by far my

highest-ranked player on the board still. Um he was I think he's ranked like probably five or six spots higher than anybody on the board currently right now. So that definitely sucks. Um my thought process here is again, with rookie drafts this season, there is going to be a lot of this class sucks, you know, whatever the case is. In round three and four, I do think we're going to look back two to three years from now and there's going to be four, five, maybe six or seven players where we're like, "That was a good pick. That was, you know, 309 for that guy? That was a good value." And I Emmet Johnson is in a crowded backfield right now. You and I were not high on Emmet Johnson the prospect either. But if there's one thing Emmet Johnson can do, it's catch the football. And the Chiefs do use their their running backs in the receiving game very well. I think he could be the new Jerick McKinnon here. And who knows? Maybe two to three years down the road, Kenneth

Walker's no longer the same player, no longer the starter, whatever. And Emmet Johnson can develop into more than that. Again, in this class, you do have to kind of go, "Okay, what's the fit look like? How do they get on the field? What is their role?" And I think Emmet Johnson can at least be Walker's handcuff and get on the field right away as a pass catcher. Which I think at the late-third round portion, even if he's just a handcuff for one of the best offenses in the league, that's probably worth that price. Yeah, and I'm going to take uh the fifth quarterback off the board here because ultimately, we are swinging for upside in the fourth round of a bad class. And let's just say hypothetically, again, I don't think it's likely to happen, but if Jalen Hurts does leave in the next couple years, Cole Payton, he's got fantasy upside. He's got mobility out of structure. We know that he has 4-5 level speed. And they just invested two uh two

their top two picks into pass catchers. Like I believe in Jalen Hurts, but for a fourth-round rookie pick, even if he missed a time and we had Cole Payton starting in for four games, can he be a top 15 fantasy quarterback in that stretch? Yeah, he might be like the new Tyler Huntley or something like that for that period of time. And again, In this class, that's worth the fourth, too. More or less, all of us would expect that Jalen Hurts is not like going to still be the Eagles' quarterback five years from now. Like if it's not this year, it might be the year after. If it's not the year after, it'll be the year after that. Like he's he seems like he's on a relatively short leash that the second he has a bad season, it's possible that they're moving on from him. Similar to like Kyler Murray this past year where the Cardinals he got injured again, he didn't really have that great of a season. A year from now, the Eagles could have no Nick Sirianni, no Jalen Hurts and be

starting from scratch. And who knows? Maybe Cole Payton gets in there at the end of the season and looks good and they want to roll with him. It like think of like Sam Howell and Desmond Ridder and those guys who got a chance to start for their teams while their team was in a reset, in a reboot and there wasn't a lot of quarterbacks available. Howell might be a decent comp there for Cole Payton, honestly. >> who my comp was for Cole Payton, actually. I think that makes a ton of sense. And of course, it's fitting that we see both North Dakota State guys go off the board back-to-back. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, for sure. Um Hayden Hurst also like I we were not super high on the prospect, but if he could have gone to the perfect landing spot, it was Pittsburgh. He's from Pittsburgh. He loves the Pittsburgh Steelers. He's a huge Pittsburgh Steelers fan. And also, you have Aaron Rodgers, a mobile quarterback. You have Drew Allar targeted the crap out of his running

backs in college as well. And this offense in uh Mike McCarthy has used this like pony style player very well before in Tony Pollard with the Cowboys. So I actually think that Eli Hayden Hurst is somebody that I'm higher on now than I was pre-draft, for sure. Yeah. Um for some reason, again, he never actually uh played under Mike McCarthy, but he actually played a little bit with the Steelers. For whatever reason, my my thought I'm like, "Oh, Ryan Switzer's name just randomly popped up cuz you said Swiss Army knife." >> [laughter] >> Yeah, well, I I actually think like he will play pri- predominantly like pass-catching running back. And whether it's what they did with Gainwell last year, which he was like a league winner last year, or it's what McCarthy did with with uh Tony Pollard in his time in Dallas. I think whatever kind of role you can get Eli Hayden Hurst in, he can be a factor in. Especially cuz you have a guy a bunch of guys on short-term

contracts with Rico Dowdle and Jaylen Warren. Like who's to say he doesn't carve out like a James White, Tarik Cohen, Nyheim Hines type role? Hear me out. They didn't re-sign Jonnu Smith. My comp for Hayden Hurst was like Taysom Hill. Like could he be like their pseudo tight end one in the future, too? Like an F tight end. >> going to be more likely to use be used at running back just given his measurables. He's not a >> better receiver, though. Like cuz cuz Taysom Hill kind of plays everything. Like he can run the ball between the tackles, he can catch out of the backfield, he can run nuanced routes. Like I can see that being the development path for Hayden Hurst cuz do I view him as a full, you know, full-fledged three-down type of profile at running back? I don't. He's No, I think you're hoping for the floor being Kavontae Turpin or something like that who McCarthy has worked with before. And the ceiling, like I said, I I don't think it's outside the range of

outcomes where he's like early career Tony Pollard for for this offense. Could make sense, for sure. Um I'm on the board here and um it it's dried up. I can't lie. Like this is pretty disgusting what's left for me on the board. But it is the fourth round. >> this isn't bad. Andries with the Bengals, that's not bad capital there. >> So um Kevin Coleman's got some opportunity with the Dolphins. It's a wide-open depth chart. There's people out there that like him. C.J. Daniels, I mean, anytime the Rams take a fifth-round receiver, everybody's going to pay attention now after what happened with Puka Nacua. But I am going to go with Jack Andries who goes to the Bengals. Mike Gesicki is not your prototypical Y tight end. Um maybe Andries who was very productive in college, especially at Cal with Fernando Mendoza, and pretty solid with Texas this past year as well. Maybe he can uh maybe he can carve out the starting tight end role in the long term. Because

Andries, had he gone in like the third, fourth round, Andries would be over like Oscar Delp for me as far as like what kind of prospect he was. So uh he'd be right there just behind the Justin Jollys, just behind the Max Kmet's and Eli Reardons. So just he slipped to the seventh round. So we got to obviously respect the draft capital to some degree. But I do like the landing spot for Andries. Yeah, no, I'm I'm in agreement, too. They don't even have that profile I feel like a tight end. Like they have Drew Sample and they had Mike Gesicki last year. Like they don't have a guy that can kind of do both, be their Dalton Schultz. Anything? Let's talk about the board a little because this went really fast. We didn't, you know, go super long. We'll we'll definitely try and keep this video shorter for those of you guys who are looking for some quick advice. What are the experts doing? What are the Like cuz, you know, a lot of the people in this draft are all members of our, you

know, Discord and leagues that we're in. So everyone here is kind of well attuned in a lot of leagues with us. Like I think I'm in like five leagues with Jared and A.J. for Like there's a lot of a lot of FSE truthers in here. But it gives you a good idea if you guys are in a more casual league where people are not going to be really following ADP, getting their guys, etc. Kind of what it should look like. I look at this board and I go, "This is what it should look like for the most part." Yes, there's guys here and there that maybe could go higher in certain leagues. Like you definitely took Ted Hurst before I think he'll go in most leagues. But it's get your guy season as soon as the 201, 202 hits. Well, yeah, Ted Hurst more than likely in majority of leagues that aren't FSE leagues are probably going to be like more of a 2-3 turn. There is more risk in the profile cuz he's a small school guy. He was just a my guy before the draft and I thought, you know, getting

84th capital to a team that I'm really excited about, especially given the role that he plays versus the roles of the other wide receivers on the team currently. Like, I'm extremely invested. Hey, we would both be happy if he ended up being your guys Michael Gallup, what'd you say? Yeah, no, I would. Yeah, and I think for me Coleman Stowers in Boston should almost always be the 111 through 201 in most leagues. I would just imagine that's where most leagues are going to go with him, but you could see Chris Bell sneak up there. I've seen Nick Singleton on some people's like Twitter screenshots go that high. I've seen Antonio Williams even go around that 201 area. So, definitely something that when you analyze the boards here and what we look what we came away with in our specific drafts. I got Jonathan Coleman at 111, Jacoby Lane at 211. I have Jacoby Lane ranked at 208. So, I felt like that was a pretty decent value. Emmett Johnson at the 311. I believe he's ranked in the earlier the

mid first round third round for me. I have him at 32 overall. So, a little bit of a value for me there. And then Jack Endries at 411. I have him ranked at 48th overall. So, pretty much right at the end of the fourth round. So, that's what I end up coming away with. Again, especially if you guys are picking near this end of the first round part of your board, it's going to be challenging. You're going to need to get your guys. You're going to need to kind of follow in if you trust our opinion, like follow the prospect model, follow our rankings because there is no real consensus after the first 10 or so players are off the board. Well, last year we were very specific. I felt like even to like the early third round where it's like these are the tier buckets here. These are the tier buckets there. Tier buckets there. Like, in an ideal value accumulation type of world, you can just trade into the spots to get and target the end of the tiers. But, we kind of made reference like after Boston's off the

board, like it is the wild wild west. What happened to me today? Remember, I traded down from 201 to 204 thinking I would get Nick Singleton or D'vonte Waller there and they both went 202 and 203. So, you know, certain leagues are going to have nuance. Some I might have just said that 204 I was going to take Singleton or Waller and you'd be like, I got him at 306 in my draft. Like, there's going to be people out there that got them super late. Like, it is going to fluctuate. In the second round, your goal should be basically what I did was I traded down from 201 and I got 204 and 208 and gave back my 301 and then I got to move up in the fourth round from 405 to 401. So, for me, I want as many bullets as possible and I want to try and land my bullets somewhere between the early to mid second round and the early to mid third round cuz I do think once like in this draft Key'Shawn Allen and Zachariah Branch and those guys started to come off the board, that's when it started to taper off a little

bit. In the fourth round, it's it's pretty not ideal. So, if you can get a bunch of bullets between let's say pick 203 and 312, I think that's going to be the sweet spot if you can get four, five, six picks in there. I tend to agree. I also mentioned this too, but in a league that I'm in, like De'Shawn Shivers went at the 112. He went at the 212 in this mock. Like, it I we say like once Boston's off the board at the 201 based off our own rankings, but for some people it might literally be once Simpson's off the board at 110 because they're lower on Coleman, cuz they're lower on Denzel Boston maybe because they're high like super high on Casey Concepsion. Like, I honestly think I said 201 on, anything can happen after 110 this year. I feel like the top 10 has to be the top 10 just based off the draft capital, based off where they kind of go in, you know, superflex startup mocks at this point as well with Simpson, Cooper, Sedeeq, etc. going up. But, after that, man, like you

love Drew Waller and you want to take him at the 111 and you don't like Jonah Coleman? do it. Like, realistically I was going to pick him at 201 in our league today and I I couldn't. I was going to take either him or Singleton and I I wanted to trade down and see if I could get both. That's exactly why I did it and I didn't get either of them. >> Yeah, well, that's the risky take. It's like, you want to think, oh, well, I don't want to make this hot call at this pick. So, I want to trade down, get some capital and insure myself. But, in this class, there is no guarantee the guy that is getting mocked at 26 overall falls to you at 18. Yeah, no, literally. So, Yeah, that is what our first kind of like superflex rookie mock looks like. Follow us on Twitter, too. We're going to be tweeting out, you know, all this is the haul I got in this league and this is the haul I got in that league. And of course, if you guys are in leagues with us and if you I'm sure you

were if you were in this mock draft. Appreciate you guys for participating and helping us get a real assessment of the ADP cuz you can just draft against the simulation here. If you go to the FlockFantasy draft tool here, you can just go draft simulation and you can do a draft against our expert consensus rankings, but it is definitely more fun to do drafts against people that you're actually in leagues with as you guys saw. Also, one other thing too with Best Ball Mania live right now, we do actually have a Best Ball overlay which will be showcasing tomorrow on a live stream doing some Best Ball Mania drafts. And if you guys are avid Underdog players, you can use the Best Ball portfolio manager, especially if you plan to draft 20, 30, 40, 50 Best Ball teams. There's going to be a lot of cool features for you there. And as we've made reference to on many occasions so far, if you guys want our dynasty rookie draft guide for free, our redraft guide redraft rankings manifesto

for free once it comes out, we will have that available to you with an Underdog sign up of at least $10. So, you can sign up on Underdog, put $10 in, make your first play, either make a pick on the NHL NBA playoffs or do a Best Ball Mania draft or do another draft of some kind. You will get within 24 hours our dynasty rookie draft guide and our dynasty rookie film breakdowns, 1,000 plus hours of us breaking down the film and coming to the grades that we have in our draft guide for free just for signing up on Underdog with a $10 deposit. And later in the off-season when our redraft guide and our weekly rankings come out, you'll get those as well. So, um huge huge value. It's like a $100 value annual subscription to our site for a $10 Underdog sign up, which is the best deal out there on the internet. So, if you're interested in that, that is linked down below. Of course, if you already have an Underdog account, you can just get all that stuff over on FlockFantasy as well. And do some of these drafts. Get

yourself ready for your rookie drafts. Go check out our rankings. Use the trade calculator, especially if you're going to make trades during the rookie draft. Make sure you use the trade calculator to help you out. But, like, comment, subscribe if you enjoyed. Peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
