I'm going to be picking from 104, you're going to be going from 107, and um on the board here you can see Jeremiah Love, Carnell Tate, Jordan Tyson. We definitely wanted to get a mock draft out for you guys that wasn't, you know, your standard superflex half tight end premium because I know plenty of you guys out there do play in single quarterback leagues, do play in leagues with not a tight end premium in them. So, I'm going to take Makai Lemon here at the 104. He is uh my 103 in one quarterback uh formats. I I feel very good about the landing spot. I feel very good about the prospects. I know, you know, somewhat challenging for a lot of people to understand like the target projection right away with Smitty there and A.J. not traded, but I'm just going to trust the great prospect. Yeah, no, I think that makes total sense. He's actually my 103 in superflex league. So, the fact that you got him at the 104 in the one quarterback after Tyson uh makes a lot of sense there. Uh Jeremiah Love

obviously goes off the board, Carnell Tate, Jordan Tyson, Makai Lemon, Jarren Price, Kenyon Sadiq probably going to be the top six players in a lot of your one quarterback leagues. The guy at seven and what I would probably say happens in maybe 75% of leagues at this point say the board went off the board in those first six picks. I think a lot of people would lean towards Casey Conceição. He would also be my next highest rated player. Yeah, I think in a non-tight end premium format I would expect [clears throat] that a lot of people wouldn't take um, you know, Kenyon Sadiq that high. I think that Stowers might go a little bit lower, Claire going a little bit lower than what we see here as well. Keep in mind that a lot of us do do our rankings based on tight end premium. So, um in a a single quarterback I would probably like a single quarterback non-tight end premium I would maybe slide these tight ends back a pick or two just knowing uh Max Duggan at the 203. I just don't see

him going that high in a single quarterback non-tight end premium. And Corey, you know the algorithm on the site's worth it working with the bots cuz you see my bot taking my boy Ted Hearst at the 201 and yes, that's exactly where I have him ranked. Good to see that the site is uh, you know, actually, you know, going off of that. Yeah, and uh if you guys are site subscribers, of course, you can select by a a singular analyst and if you sort by my rankings, then Nicholas Singleton absolutely will be the highest player on the board here. So, I'm going to roll with Nicholas Singleton. I think in single quarterback leagues if you're able to get some of these higher end prospects that, you know, slid in the draft a little bit, your Jonah Colemans, Nicholas Singletons, uh Chris Bell, um Jacoby Lane, Elijah Sorrell, those types of players are the guys that were a lot higher on pre-draft than we were obviously post-draft because of where they went in the draft in terms of draft

capital. I'm all in on Nick Singleton. I talked about him in the running backs to target and avoid. You got a wide open backfield long term. Tony Pollard's almost 30 years old. Tajae Spears is uh, you know, injury prone at this point in his career. All of those guys have outs in their contract and Singleton has an opportunity early in camp to really prove himself. Yeah, no, makes a ton of sense there. I think that's a a reasonable range for him. We do see that quarterback one off the board. Mendoza went at the 110. Quarterback two off the board. Uh Ty Simpson went at the 206. Maybe a tiny bit rich for both uh in terms of one quarterbacks in my opinion. >> at 110 is a little bit more stomachable than uh Ty Simpson at 206. It's hard for me to take uh Mendoza over Coleman in a one quarterback, but um I'm on the board here. Elijah Sorrell's my highest rated player. He's my 15th overall player. I get him at the 207. I feel pretty good about that. Yeah, I think quarterbacks uh usually in

one quarterback leagues I feel like the quarterback position really will only go off of the board based on need. Like if a team doesn't need a quarterback, they won't take one because if you already have in a one quarterback league like Jordan Love and Caleb Williams, like what do I need to take Ty Simpson for? I might as well just take the swing on, you know, a running back or a wide receiver at that point. So, really the only teams that actually care about drafting quarterbacks are the teams that are, you know, the one or two or three teams in the league that actually could use one. Well, exactly, right? Cuz I I'm thinking about it like logically, how many times even uh when when Simpson's going to start hypothetically? He's probably going to be a mid-to-backend quarterback two. That's just so replaceable in a one quarterback format. In superflex obviously that has valuable or value. You do need your quarterback twos, but in one quarterback league like you can pick up a Jacoby Brissett off

the waivers and he can give you four or five weeks in a row starting. Yeah, no, literally. In one quarterback league it's pretty easy to replace that position. A guy that I guess I'm just going to get a lot of in rookie drafts this year if this is where he's going to go. I get that Zachariah Branch had some qualms as a prospect. He wasn't the most productive guy despite being a high recruit. Had a lot of targets that were designed on screen passes and whatnot at Georgia, but he's still a young player with a lot of upside and I did see flashes of good, you know, route running chops that could develop at the next level. So, on the Atlanta Falcons it's a pretty wide open depth chart at the wide receiver position. I do think Kyle Pitts might not be long for that situation like I said in the superflex mock. So, um yeah, I I guess I'm just going to have a lot of third round Zachariah Branch cuz ultimately he did go like top 80 in the NFL draft to a team that needed wide receiver help.

He's sprinting to the podium. Sprinting to the podium. Mr. Oscar Delp, welcome aboard. Yeah, again, this is a non-tight end premium. So, I think similar to the quarterback position you will see in one quarterback non-tight end premium just the teams that need tight ends probably take tight ends in terms of the overall uh landscape there. So, again, we're not doing this with the context of rosters. We're kind of just doing this based on best player available, which 90% of the time is how you should be drafting anyway, but given tiebreakers if your team was, you know, let's say Travis Kelce and uh Dallas Goedert, maybe you you, you know, inject some young blood there with Oscar Delp. Also love seeing uh that the Zach bot is also all in on Mr. Adam Randall. Yeah, yeah, for sure. I'm on the board here and again, um in a single quarterback if I needed a backup, maybe I would consider Carson Beck. I He's again, if I don't need a quarterback, I probably wouldn't consider him. I'll

grab Skyler Bell. It feels like a tier break for me there. I'm not as high on Skyler Bell the player, but I do like the Buffalo Bills offense as do most people and there's an upside opportunity there for Skyler Bell to hit the ground running and maybe carve out like a Z receiver role. I don't think D.J. Moore is going to be long for that situation. And I also think that there's some, you know, alignment versatility with D.J. Moore, Khalil Shakir, and Skyler Bell if they are indeed their three best receivers. Yeah, now I got I suddenly got a tummy ache because that one hurts. Um all jokes aside though, I will be selecting it'd be between the small shifty receivers here with Britain Thompson and Kevin Coleman. Probably would lean Thompson just based off how excited McDaniels seemed when he got him. Probably going to be a role player, but um it's the 407 in a one quarterback league. Yeah, it's funny. I've never heard a grown man say the word tummy before, but

uh yeah, that was pretty crazy. Um obviously the draft went super super fast, which is the great great part about doing drafts on Flock is that you can just join uh lobbies. You can um do draft simulations based on the bots or whatever. If you want to get that real life experience, you can go to our site and if you go to the uh draft tab that you can see right here, there's drafts going on all the time. You can see one left uh for a superflex draft going on right now, one quarterback draft, and people do, you know, generally take it pretty seriously. There's uh penalties on the site if they don't. So, um there's definitely uh definitely incentive for people to draft a lot. And like this was draft number 311,324 since we introduced the draft feature. So, there's a lot of drafts going on. You shouldn't be waiting for too long. Um analyzing the board cuz we obviously have some time to kill here. Uh Jeremiah Love, Carnell Tate, Jordan Tyson, Makai Lemon, those go off of the board as

chalk obviously. Um J'Darien Price, would you be more willing to take J'Darien Price in a single quarterback league over Jordan Tyson or any of the other receivers? I think you can argue him up to the 103 just based off the fact that in a single quarterback um what what I notice specifically in a superflex versus single quarterback is the value of running back goes up higher in a one quarterback versus in a superflex. You think about it mathematically, you got to hammer at the running back position in one quarterback league, which is probably more of a start seven, start eight, start nine person I think that's the key point there. Most people playing one quarterback usually are in start seven, start eight type of leagues. Yeah, and in those type of leagues running back is king. Like we hear, you know, some people in the comments always say, "You guys fade running back too much. Didn't you know that running backs are king?" Like in shallower leagues, in one quarterback leagues, in, you know,

half PPR leagues, yeah, running backs are indeed king. So, if you want to argue J'Darien Price even higher, 103, 104, I would hear you out. I do have him ranked uh where the Nathan bot ended up taking him at the 105 here, but realistically like I don't think there's many standout like, "Oh, this guy went like crazy high compared to where I have him." Yeah, I think I would probably take Conceição and Cooper over Sadiq in a single quarterback non-tight end premium. Uh Eli Stowers, I definitely would take after Jonah Coleman and even like Chris Bell probably and Nick Singleton. Like I think I would I would bump Stowers down quite a bit in a single quarterback non-tight end premium unless I was really desperate for a tight end and really needed one. I think the highest I could take Stowers is probably around that one-two turn. And then yeah, Claire definitely needs probably a full round drop on him on a sing on a non-tight end premium. And then Raridon and Jolly, I think they're

fine in the third round. Delp, I think is fine in the third round. I guess my thought process here is in a single quarterback league another thing that I would really want to prioritize for those of you guys out there is upside because again, I think most of you guys listening to this video are probably in single quarterback start seven, start eight, start nine type of leagues. They're probably not a lot of single players matter. Yeah, I I think there's probably not a lot of single quarterback non-tight end premium drafters out there who are in start 11, start 12 type of leagues where a guy like Jeremy Bernard or a guy like DeShawn Stripling or a guy like Malachi Fields, those guys are going to matter a little bit more because they're going to probably be on the field sooner than, you know, your Elijah Sorrells or your Jacoby Lanes of the world. I'm swinging for upside 99% of the time especially once you get outside the first 10, 11 picks in this year's class specifically.

Yeah, the way I kind of look at it is depending on your format cuz people always ask like, "Well, why exactly is depth so much more important in like deeper format type of leagues?" The way I always kind of, you know, describe the ratio is per lineup spot added you would want a player to fill it and also a depth option on your bench. So, just think you would need two extra good players if it was a start eight versus a start nine. That's how I kind of mathematically equated in my head. Yeah, which means that let's say um it's a 12-man league. It's a start 11 superflex. That means there's going to be, you know, 122 players that matter for starting lineups. And then another, let's say five players per team almost that you're going to want to have at least on your depth position. So, when you you know, go mathematically, it's a 10 team start eight single quarterback non-tight end premium, you're down to basically 80 players plus a couple of depth pieces mattering. Well, Corey,

like this too. Like the difference between a start seven or start eight versus start 11. Like you're looking at realistically eight to 10 extra players that you would need to matter on a start 11 format just because of how deep it is. Yeah. Yeah. So, basically, if you guys are wondering why are we talking about this, essentially what that means is on the clock, let's say you're deciding between you were, for example, deciding between Elijah Serratt and Antonio Williams. Well, Elijah Serratt was a higher rated prospect for us, goes to, in my opinion, a better offense, a better passing offense at least in terms of what Lamar Jackson can put output wise on a passing touchdown season, what he's proven to do so far. So, that's kind of a decision point that plays itself out in real time. If it's a start eight one quarterback non-tight end premium, I'm going to take the upside that Elijah Serratt is the next Amon-Ra St. Brown instead of taking the sure thing, quote unquote, that Antonio

Williams is a top two to three target on the Washington Commanders and maybe is inconsequential. But if I'm in a start 12 superflex best ball, then Antonio Williams being on the field consistently is going to matter probably a lot more in the short term and and a small win. Like let's say Antonio Williams in 2023 drafts, for example, is like your Josh Downs archetype or your Jayden Reed Jayden Reed archetype, that's going to matter a lot more than you know, taking the swing on in 2023, let's say uh or 2020 yeah, 2023, taking the swing on who was going around those guys in rookie drafts that was a higher upside guy. I'm trying to think off the top of my head. Yeah, I can't even remember off my head cuz I know we were in on Josh Downs in the early to mid second, but there were a couple wide receivers that were like bigger guys, maybe like higher perceived upside. >> Mingo's one that comes to mind, but I wasn't as in on Jonathan Mingo, but like a guy like that, a guy that you'd feel

more comfortable has a higher ceiling. So, again, The NFL The NFL just redid Jonathan Mingo with De'Von Achane Sribling, but >> Yeah. Swing for ceiling in your one quarterback leagues for me in the first round, that means, you know, taking the risk on a McHi Lemons landing spot, taking the risk on a Jordan Addison who has a little bit of question marks, taking the risk on the profile that is Jahmyr Gibbs Price, taking the risk on Casey Concepcion's landing spot as well. And then in the second round, that means, you know, going after developmental players like a Ted Ginn Jr., like a Chris Bell, like a Nicholas Singleton, like an Elijah Serratt, like a Kendre Miller winning out that backfield, like a Jacoby Lane. We're probably avoiding most of the time the rest of the guys, like just, you know, leaning into the draft capital of Sribling or leaning into the, you know, cushiness of the Jermaine Bernard Antonio Williams types. You'll never have me taking Caleb Douglas in a one

quarterback league. Yeah, pretty much never taking him. Definitely. And then into the third round again, I'll take the upside on a Zachariah Branch as you can see there that he could develop into that five-star recruit that he was coming out of high school when he went to USC. You'll take the upside on Oscar Delp developing into one of the better tight ends in the NFL. And Chris Purcell, decent upside swing to take in the third round as well knowing what he could turn into. Adam Randall, the next pick after you, very good upside swing. I'm very big on, you know, De'Mont Claiborne potentially being a high upside running back. And Jerrod in a one quarterback if you need a third or a fourth quarterback for your bench, I think that's totally fine. Yeah, no doubt. For sure. So, a little bit of a quicker video today going through a single quarterback mock. Leave any questions down below that you guys might have. If you have, you know, on the clock decisions or, you know, you have trade

questions and that type of thing. One thing I would say is that if you are in a single quarterback league, do your damn darndest here to try and get up into those top five overall players because Jahmyr Gibbs Price, McHi Lemons, Jordan Addison, Carnell Tate, and Jeremiah Love in a one quarterback startup are going to be really the only assets, especially if it is a start seven or a start eight, that are consequential. Yes, you can take upside swings on players after that, but if your league mates don't know the tier breaks yet, and I would suggest most of you guys in single quarterback leagues probably play in more casual leagues as far as who your league mates are paying attention to and that kind of thing. If you can take your 108, which in this draft was Omar Cooper Jr., plus your 202, plus your 211, and go up and get the 103, then that's going to benefit you like pretty much nine times out of 10 cuz yes, in a class like this, you want more bites at the apple, but ultimately the top five players are

going to be way, way more valuable on the open market, have way higher redraft projections, all five of them basically going inside the top six or seven rounds of Underdog drafts for redraft purposes right now. So, yeah, definitely try and get into those top five. If you don't feel confident at the 109 or the 110 or the 111 and the your player that you're getting, trade back, get more bites at the apple. And of course, as we talk about a lot, try and get into that 2027 class if you can as well. If you're on the board at 111 in your single quarterback league and nobody really knows anything about dynasty long term, you know, go after a middling team in your league, say, "Hey, if you add one more player, you can be competitive." And go after [clears throat] their 2027 first using that 111. That's a strategy you and I have used probably time and time again, especially in in leagues where people are not paying as much attention, which I would imagine is the case in a lot of your one quarterbacks.

Well, funny enough, this is a superflex, but just as we were hopping into record this video, like I told Corey, I'm like, "I have the 112 in a few seconds in this in this in this league that we're in, and I'm trying to see if I can get future first from next year." So, I've been offering that to a couple different people, offering, I think it was like the 112, the 202, and one of my other seconds to see if I can get anybody to bite on their future first. Yeah, always do your due diligence on the board. Don't just, you know, that you're on the board for two seconds and you've already made your selection. You know, if you're not enamored with the player that's on the board, definitely don't be afraid to trade up. Don't be afraid to trade down. If the guy that got sniped out of you Yeah, or trade out entirely, like you said, and and go into the 2027 class. So, yeah, that was a single quarterback rookie mock draft. Hopefully you guys enjoyed. Hopefully you got some value.

Leave some comments down below. If you want our dynasty rookie draft guide, we do have single quarterback rankings in there. We do have overall positional rankings as well, and you can binge basically 1,000 plus hours of film breakdown on all the players. So, if you're on the board and you're like, "I'm at 107. I don't know if I want Casey Concepcion or Omar Cooper." You can literally go while you're on the board on your eight-hour clock, assuming you have long clocks, you could go watch the video we did, the film breakdown on Omar Cooper Jr., and watch the film breakdown that we did on Casey Concepcion to help make your decision. Go look at where we had them graded and the strengths and the weaknesses and all that kind of stuff. So, check that out if you guys are interested. That is available on flockfantasy.com. You can do drafts, you can get our rankings, you can use our my teams feature as well. If you see all the features of the site, again, the rookie drafts are going fast

and furious. Dynasty startups are going fast and furious. You can ask for our advice specifically. Annual Mother Flockers get a free team review. You can go to the rankings tab, which of course has single quarterback rookies and single quarterback startup rankings. We have a brand new best ball feature for Underdog players. We have our my portfolio and my teams feature to help you look at some of your teams. You can click into a league and you can look at your roster and see your strengths, see your weaknesses, see your draft picks, and all that good stuff. So, if that interests you, definitely go ahead and check that out. That is linked down below in the pinned comment. And of course, we do have an Underdog promotion going right now. If you sign up on Underdog Fantasy using just $10, you will get all of our bonus content for the entire year. That means our dynasty rookie draft guide PDF version, the video version I made reference to already, and our redraft rankings manifesto, and our weekly start/sit

rankings come the regular season. Sign up on Underdog using promo code FSC, deposit 10 bucks, make a play, and within 24 hours, they will email you access to all of those things. But yeah, that'll all be linked down below in the pinned comment. Like, comment, and subscribe if you enjoyed. Peace out, and we'll talk to you soon. >> [music]
