Today we're going to be breaking down the 2027 wide receiver class. Just when you thought we couldn't get any more sick on this channel, we are going to go position by position starting with wide receivers, then running backs, then quarterbacks, and go through kind of the 2027 class, how it stacks up, the application of this video, because you guys might be like, I this doesn't matter. I'm telling you it does. If you're doing dynasty startups right now, if you have a big portfolio of dynasty teams and you want to gear some rebuilds towards the 2027 class, well, you need to know how good the wide receiver class is going to be, how good the running back class is going to be, what assets are you tanking for, what assets are you acquiring when you trade for a mid-first or a late first or an early second. So, today we're going to break down the wide receiver class. Again, a quick reminder, I'm not going through the prospect model information. If you want more information on that, I'll link past

videos that I've done on the prospect model down below. This is essentially the first edition of 2027 wide receivers to target and avoid. Uh reminder too, heights, weights, athletic testing, draft capital, all going to be all over the place at this point. We're a full year out from these guys actually mattering for dynasty rookie drafts. How many people are really doing 2027 mocks draft capital especially is not going to be something that you should take too much stock into at this point in time. And also at the end of this video, I'm going to experience adjust their grades. So meaning I take their overall grade for guys who are entering their true junior season. I divide it by 90 over 100 to give some credence to those guys who are still very young and uh I divide it by 95 over 100 for those guys that are uh entering their true senior seasons. And then I don't adjust prospects who have already played four years in college football because as we know these guys usually are better

prospects when they're early declarers when they're 21 years old coming out of college as opposed to when they're 23 years old coming out of college. And if I don't do that, the results are going to be skewed towards those guys who've played a lot of college football. So, let's get into the actual tier list here because I'm going to rank these guys as well. Basically, just on how the prospect model ranks them, but I'll talk about kind of my own opinion, but mainly I'm just relying on the data here. I don't watch a [ __ ] ton of college football. It's not like I'm out here every Saturday watching underassman crazy, but I I definitely can sprinkle in some my opinion here. So, the only league winner in the prospect model and not only is he the only league winner, which is a tier currently only occupied by Malik Neighbors, Marvin Harrison Jr., Jamar Chase and CD Lamb, Mai Lemon would join this tier if he it gets drafted in the top 10 of the NFL draft this season.

Jeremiah Smith, wide receiver, Ohio State. I'm sure everybody was wondering how high does Jeremiah Smith rank because truly this is the freakiest prospect profile we've seen probably since Julio Jones or Calvin Johnson. Better than Marvin Harrison's prospect profile. So far, better than Jamar Chase's profile, better than Malik Neighbors' profile, Amari Cooper, Mike Evans, whatever receiver prospect you thought was like generational. The last one truly was probably Julio Jones or Calvin Johnson. And Jeremiah Smith is up next because this guy 3.15 yards per out run as a true freshman 18-year-old on Ohio State on the same offense as um Mecca and Carnell Tate and those type of guys. This season follows that up with 3.43 yards per run as a true sophomore at just 19 years old. He'll be 21 years old on draft night. True freshman at this school sometimes barely can get on the field. Marvin Harrison, Amecha Igbuka, these guys could barely get on the field as true freshmans. Not only

did he get on the field, he smashed,300 yards and 15 touchdowns, back-to-back 90 plus receiving grades. He did it with achuka and Carnell Tate on the same field. Two first round receivers, one of them probably going to go in the top 10 in Carnell Tate. 99.55% FSE grade. He is six foot three, 220 pounds, expected to run in the 43 threes, and legitimately looks like the next Julio Jones as a prospect. He truly might be the best wide receiver prospect we've seen in my lifetime or very close to it. While I was grading Carnell Tate, who's an excellent wide receiver prospect himself, who has a top 10 grade for me heading into this draft, if you glimped at number four, you were like, "This guy's just different, man. He just moves differently. He's a freak show." and he will be and already is probably if you play in deviagues a top three dynasty wide receiver asset. If somebody offered me right now Justin Jefferson for my Jeremiah Smith in a uh Devi league, I would probably say no. I would

rather have Jeremiah Smith. That is how good this prospect is and he is the clear 101 in 2027. If you guys are tanking your own draft pick or you have seven first round picks, you are hoping that you secure Jeremiah Smith because truly he might be the wide receiver one in dynasty the second he gets drafted and he will be a top three to five NFL draft pick. He would be the number two pick in this year's draft had he been eligible. The Jets would be taking him at number two overall. So biggest question that he has to answer and I'll do this for all the major prospects because I think this is really important to know what to look for going into the 2026 season. For Jeremiah Smith, it's like just don't get hurt. Don't regress. Maybe round out, get a Blitnikov award under your belt, but he is a freak show. He could not play a down this year and still be the second or third pick in the NFL draft in 2027. So Jeremiah Smith, if you're wondering, is he the 101? Damn right he is. And not only is he the 101,

he is the best wide receiver prospect since 2016 according to the FSE prospect model. Now the next tier of prospects is the wide receiver one upside tier. Unfortunately, as of now, there are no wide receiver one upside prospects in the model. That is the tier right now that Carnell Tate, Mai Lemon, and Jordan Tyson are in in this year's class. So, to give you guys an idea, the prospect that is next up as it currently stands would be more so just below those guys. But full year college football to play, maybe multiple for some of these dudes. Wide receiver two upside prospects. We got three guys here, four guys. Starting with Mario Craraver, wide receiver from Texas A&M. wide receiver two upside prospects have a 33% chance of hitting a wide receiver one season. He's listed at 5 foot n 165 pounds. The best comps that you can see here, Xavier Worthy, Casey Conpsion, Maris Brown, Cory Coleman. Uh again, young player, fast, 3.25 yards per route run in 2025 at Texas A&M. Very

impressive knowing that Casey Conpsion was also on the same offense as him. He should now be the guy there. He started unbelievably hot in 2025. 443 yards in his first three games, all four of his receiving touchdowns in the first three games of the season. Biggest question for Mario Craraver is a we already know he's going to get belittled for his size when he comes out of the draft eventually, but 35% of his targets were on screens this year. So, let's see more work on the outside with Casey Conpsion leaving. That opens up 50 plus% of the outside wide receiver reps and you know the number one receiver job there for Mario Craraver. Definitely an interesting prospect. I suspect he won't be wide receiver two come the actual NFL draft because of the size, but he might be a top five receiver given the profile. Wide receiver three and I would say most people's consensus wide receiver two in this class. Ryan Williams or Ryan Coleman Williams I believe he's going by now. Wide receiver

from Alabama. Everybody probably remembers who plays Devi 17-year-old true freshman in 2024. If the team goes on to win a Super Bowl that Ryan Williams gets drafted to, let's say he goes top 10 in the NFL draft in 2027, the team that he goes to wins the Super Bowl, Ryan Williams is so young, he will not be able to drink legally that he won the Super Bowl as a rookie. He is going to be 20 years old his entire rookie season. He was born in February of 2007. He had 865 yards and eight touchdowns as a true freshman receiver on the University of Alabama with a 24% target share with a guy like Jeremy Bernard who was a you know probably second round receiver in this year's class on the same field 2.51 yards per run. This season inexplicably his numbers dropped 1.84 yards per run 689 and four touchdowns despite probably seeing a QB upgrade at least as a passer with Tai Simpson being the starter as opposed to Jaylen Milro before him. Biggest question to answer for Ryan Williams is very simple. He has a 14.9% drop rate in

his career. 10 drops and seven drops the last two years. Way too many, man. Whether it's adding muscle, he needs to tighten up his hands. And if he does that, he'll probably be the wide receiver 2 and maybe the 103 104 in the 2027 NFL draft class for rookie draft purposes. But if he doesn't tighten that stuff up, he probably won't be in this class altogether and he'll be in the 2028 class. And we could be talking about him akin to like um somebody who broke out as a true freshman and never really got better after that. you think of like Rond Del Morris freshman season at Purdue, that would be something that I'd be worried about with Ryan Williams. But as of now, his comps are really good. Travis Hunter, uh, Maris Brown, Jaylen Wadd, Chris Ave. I think if he really has a great junior season, he'd be more Travis Hunter. If he doesn't have a great junior season, he's probably more Maris Brown and maybe he even comes out as a senior like a did. So, uh, wide receiver four right now in

the model is Cam Coleman, formerly of Auburn, which you guys are going to hear me say formerly of this school, now at this school because this is the NIL era. He's now at the University of Texas um Longhorns. He's going to be on my uh college football team this year. Uh Jeremiah Smith, Williams, and Coleman were all the five-star recruits in the 2024 high school recruiting class. So, these three guys have been highly decorated for a long time. Coleman managed 708 receiving yards and five touchdowns despite sharing the field with Eric Singleton Jr. who I'll talk about in a second, and other high recruits like Perry Thompson, who I'll mention in the honorable mention section there at Auburn. So Coleman was the number one guy there and now he goes to the University of Texas to play alongside Arch Manning and Ryan Wingo who's also a highly decorated dude. Biggest question to answer for Cam Coleman in 2026 because right now all three of these receivers um Coleman, Ryan Williams, and uh Jeremiah Smith are

projected to be top 20 NFL draft picks in the 2027 class. Now again, keep in mind draft capital could change drastically from now until the actual draft, but the biggest question for him is can he be the go-to guy there? Because if he rounds out his profile with a,200 plus yard season, his profile will be nearly identical to like T. Higgins or Brian Thomas Jr., these big 6'3 plus wide receivers who are clear number ones for their team. Uh George Pickkins, QJ, Brian Thomas Jr., Trey Harris is kind of the territory he's in right now. But like I said, if he has that great season, improves upon those efficiency numbers, has that breakout. He's only 20 years old, too. Has that breakout season, he could be up there with um with, you know, T. Higgins as a prospect. And again, he will be very, very young. He was born in 2006, which makes me feel very old as well. So, he could be a very great prospect if he puts it all together this year. Closing out this tier, we have Ian Strong, who

has some very good size to him at 6'3", 211 pounds. He's formerly of Ruckers uh now at Cal. KJ Duff was actually the leading receiver at Ruckers, but Strong was the more tracy guy. He had the better contested catch rate. He had the better uh yards after catch stuff. He averaged 15 plus yards per catch. He's an outside ex wide receiver projection given his usage and his size. biggest question for him to answer is just to separate better because again I haven't watched tape on these guys. I have no idea but he has 62 contested catch opportunities in the last two seasons. So what that tells me is he's probably not that great of a separator and I also want to see him have that breakout season that thousand plus yards 10 plus touchdown season at the University of Cal or Cal California University whatever the hell it's called. Michael Thomas, Guju Sutton Pitman, those are the comps that are popping for him right now. All very good numbers, all very good uh comps that he has currently. He

has also because he's a senior, he's projected to go 71st overall in the class. You you guys will notice that like the seniors are the ones that get the better draft capital projections because college football analysts and NFL draft analysts know they're going to be in the class as opposed to some of the like guys who are like 20 years old, could come out, could not come out. Sometimes their draft capital projections are not great. Moving into the next tier of guys, which I would call kind of like the rookie second round picks. Like these guys are probably going to be more the depth wide receiver, the wide receiver five through 10 of the class as opposed to like the wide receiver 1 2 3 4 in the class cuz we're going to have some high ceiling guys that I'll talk about in a second. Um, but Deuce Robinson leads off the wide receiver three upside prospects here. Wide receiver from Florida State. He was formerly at USC for the first two years of his career. I've mentioned him

before. Mai Lemon, Jacobe Lane, Zachariah Branch, and Deuce Robinson all on the same field together along with Woody Marx that season um who was their second leading receiver uh in receptions with uh as at the running back position. So Deuce Robinson transfers away just like Zachariah Branch did, but he goes to Florida State at 6'6, 230 lbs. He's a big receiver. He puts up 1,081 receiving yards and six touchdowns on 19.3 yards per reception and 3.03 yards per out run. So, for a true junior to be putting that those kind of numbers up, and I actually think it it speaks very well to Jacobe Lane that he was able to keep this guy off the field, biggest question for Deuce Robinson to answer is, okay, he beat up on a lot of bad teams in 2025. If you look at Florida State schedule and who he had his big games against, they weren't against good competition, so let's put up some big time games against some good corners and some good teams for Duce Robinson. But otherwise, I mean, his former teammate

Jacobe Lane and him are basically the exact same caliber of prospect currently. let alone what Duce Robinson can do with one more year of college football. Currently projected to go in the early third round of 2027's draft. Uh moving into wide receiver seven in the class, Eric Singleton Jr. who was at Georgia Tech his first two years, burst onto the Devi scene, really fast, really athletic, goes to Auburn last year and much like everybody at Auburn, didn't have a good season, and now he's at Florida. He's kind of one of these like yak slot receivers like a Zachariah Branch. He's 5 foot 10, 180 pounds. In 2026, this is what I want to see from him the season. Let's see the thousand plus yards. Let's see that productive freshman come back on the field and actually put up and put it all together. Zachariah Branch did a decent job of doing that when he transferred away. But I want to see Eric Singleton do that as well. Three plus yards per out run. Let's see a thousand yards, eight

touchdowns. Solidify yourself as a second or a firstrounder because he is going to test pretty well. And I'm sure NFL teams are going to like that about him. Let's see the production to round out the profile so he can be more than just like what he's currently projected as is like Zachariah Branch or Jaylen Royals or Kyle Williams. Let's see a better season so he can get into that wide receiver two upside territory and be more close to like Xavier Worthy from that perspective. Um wide receiver eight closing out this tier of wide receiver three guys is uh Cooper Baret uh Barcadi I don't know how to say his name. Formerly of Duke and formerly of Harvard. So maybe a smart dude. Uh Miami is where he's going to be going in 2026. Very productive at 6'1, 195 lbs. 1,000 plus yards at Duke this year, seven touchdowns, 1,84 and 11 touchdowns his true junior year at Harvard. 2.65 yards per run for his career, but keep in mind he played three years at Harvard, so not very high level competition. 110.3 QBR

when targeted. He follows his quarterback, Darian Mensah, who is, in my opinion, one of the more underrated quarterbacks in this coming draft class. And I'll break down the quarterbacks later. I'd expect a big year from uh Cooper because he has a very good chance to to just come in at Miami, better competition, put up another thousand plus yards, and that would be three straight for his career. In 2026, let's see him improve the hands. He had a high drop rate of 9%, sub 43% contested catch rate the last three years. And again, let's see him do it against better competition. He's been playing at Duke and Harvard the last couple years. Miami is going to obviously have a much tougher schedule than that. he has his his franchise, his QB that he had at Duke. So, he should already have chemistry and a leg up over Malachi Tony and some of the other receivers that they have there at Miami. So, if Cooper can put up a good season along alongside Tony, who's currently projected to be

one of the best receivers in the 2028 class, I think Cooper can be a very solid prospect. He comps to like, you know, John Mechy or somebody like that as of now, but a big season and he could have a better year. So, if I had to say where does Cooper uh Bartake or whatever his name is and Eric Singleton, they're probably more in the floor raising seniors tier than they are in like the rookie seconds. Lock them in, locked and loaded. But for the purpose of this exercise, they do rank higher in the prospect model as of now. So, I will kind of put them there. Uh let's get into the ceiling raisers. And this is the the tier that everybody wants to talk about because these are the guys that haven't done it yet, but could really raise the ceiling of this class overall. Charlie Becker from Indiana. Everybody probably remembers him from the college football uh playoff run that Indiana had. Um this is the guy that's the only flex play prospect in this territory. He's the hero of that playoff

run. 6'3, 209 pounds drawing comparisons to like Alec Pierce. No Elijah Serat, he's going to the draft. No Omar Cooper, he's going to the draft. So Mendoza also leaving, but Josh Hoover from TCU is an experienced college quarterback is coming in. Nick Marsh, talented underclassman who I will talk about in a second from Michigan State, also comes into Indiana. It's going to be Charlie Becker and Nick Marsh in this receiving core. Can they repeat the the uh the trend here where Cooper and Serat are both going to be day two or better receivers in this year's class? Are Charlie Becker and Nick Marsh going to uh complete that cycle in 2027's class? We'll see what happens here. But Charlie Becker very efficient on his limited touches so far, 3.38 yards per run for his career, but just 34 career catches. A lot of that production came in crunch time when the the Hooers were on their college football playoff run. Be the guy. That's what he needs to do. Him and Nick Marsh both. They got to be the guy.

One of them will probably do it. One of them probably won't. 76.5% contested catch rate. Like I said, drawing big-time comparisons to Alec Pierce, but as you can see there, his draft capital projection right now is undrafted. And it's probably because a lot of scouts think he's going to be in the 2028 class, but we don't know yet. If he has a great season, I'm sure he would come out for the draft. This is the problem with this like ceiling razor tier is that a lot of these guys are underclassmen and you probably know them if you're Devi players. But there's two problems with doing something like the exercise I'm doing right now this early. Is number one, draft capital is all over the place. People don't know if they're going to be in the 2027 class or in the 2028 class. And that's going to disrupt their grade if they're an undrafted free agent versus a second or a third round pick, which I think Charlie Becker absolutely would be if he were eligible

for 2027 and he does in fact come out and produces a better year. Number two, prospects with more information who are older, year four, year, five, year, six college players are going to rank over younger prospects. And we don't want that. We want guys who are true juniors, early declares, have breakout seasons over guys who have been in college football for like five or six years. So keep in mind that everybody I talk about in this tier, like 40% of them are going to go back to school, I would imagine. So um they need a great season in order to actually be in this class. Brian Wesco from uh Clemson, 6'2, 190 pounds. just needs to stay healthy in 2026 if we're looking for what he needs to do because he was very good when on the field. 537 and six touchdowns in effectively seven games. 2.62 yards per run. Needs to clean up the drops as well. Clemson was a mess this year. Antonio Williams goes to the NFL. Kade Clubnick goes to the NFL at quarterback. Bryant Wesco and I'll talk about TJ

Moore in a second are going to be the guys there at Clemson. C uh KJ Duff, sorry, at Ruters who I already made reference to, 6'6, 225 pounds. He did lead Ruckers in receiving over Ian Strong with 1,084 yards, 61.1% contested catch rate, 2.47 yards per run. He's the guy now. Get more separation. 36 of his 87 targets were contested as well. So, both of those Ruckers wide receivers were just going up and getting it. Nick Marsh, who's been in the Devi radar for a long time. Very young player as well, similar to Ryan Williams. He was a 17-year-old freshman. He will be just 20.7 years old on draft night and still 19 years old during his junior year this year. until October. So definitely a candidate to not be in this class. Like it wouldn't shock me if Charlie Becker leads the team in receiving, comes out for the draft, and then Nick Marsh is back in 2028, but former four-star recruit, 6' 3", 203 lbs, posted backto-back 650 yard seasons at Michigan State. Definitely got to get his

efficiencies up. But he's like the Btech version of Ryan Williams, like I said, where at 17 years old, he had a truly truly impressive season. Right now, these guys are comps are like not good. like Bryant Wesco comps to like Devontz Walker, KJ Duff to, you know, Jawan Jennings and Alan Lazard, Nick Marsh to like Andre Yoshi Voss. I wouldn't pay attention to the comps right now. They're underassman. They're still getting better. There's a there's only so much I can do to adjust their grades. Eugene Wilson is actually a senior, but he was hyperproductive as a freshman and sophomore at Florida. Needs to stay healthy. 5 foot 10, 194 pounds. More of like your route runner archetype like Ricky Paw was at Florida. Darnell Mooney is kind of like his comp right now. Nick Harour from South Carolina is the freak athlete of the class. Reportedly runs in the 42s despite being 6'5 235. So legit DK Metafl like freak show in terms of athleticism and speed. But 1189 yards and 10 touchdowns in three years with a

1.47 yards per route run in his career is pretty bad. And considering Lenora Cers's his quarterback is supposed to be this like, you know, franchise quarterback if he hits, I want to see both of these players have a much better year in their senior seasons. If they can put it all together, they're going to be great prospects. But I have my doubts because of what they've done so far. TJ Moore I made mention to as the other Clemson wide receiver. His comp is kind of like Dantavian Wixsish at this point in time. 6'3, 205 pounds. Antonio Williams is now gone. Uh TJ Moore and Bryant Wesco are going to be running the show. I think that losing Kade Clubnick could hurt the entire offense, but 837 and four touchdowns. Both guys are true junior 20-year-olds with high pedigree. I think one of them for sure will end up hitting, but we'll see which one it ends up being. It seems like when healthy, Bryant Wesco was the better receiver, but we'll see what happens. TJ Moore could end up being the better guy. Ryan

Wingo from Texas, former high recruit, 6'2", 214 pounds, reportedly has 43 speed, definitely fast as a Texas fan. I noticed the big plays that he was able to make. If Arch Manning can take like that Heisman caliber step and him and Cam Coleman are, you know, the new LSU duo of Brian Thomas and Malik Neighbors or the Indiana duo that we have in this year's class with Cooper and Serat. Wouldn't shock me if both Wingo and Coleman were first round picks or top two to three round wide receivers at the very least. Ryan Wingo was really efficient last year, 2.35 yards per run, but he's got to clean up the drops and he should be a thousand plus yard wide receiver and maybe a top 50 caliber pick. Like I said, reportedly he's very athletic and has a lot of speed. Um, so those were like the ceiling razors, the floor raisers. I can kind of just speed through. These guys are more like the senior bowl guys, the guys that maybe aren't that great of uh, you know, producers or that great of production

profiles, but inevitably one or two of these guys people will get excited about, people will be interested in. Um, moving into here, we have Trent Walker, formerly of Oregon State, now of Houston. 6'2", 195 pounds, 825 in back-to-back years at Oregon State. 2.11 career yards per run, transfers to Houston. and we'll see what he ends up doing. And also, I actually moved Eugene Wilson out of that like, you know, ceiling razors tier and into the floor razors because that's more so what he is. Jace Brown, formerly of Kansas State, now of LSU. Good production so far. 17.1 yards per reception, 2.5 yards per out run. He's 6' 179, so kind of a weird size profile. 112.6 QBR when targeted. Now transfers to LSU where Sam Levitt is the quarterback who previously was at Arizona State and fed Jordan Tyson all of his production. Jace is a day two wide receiver probably right now and again likely like a senior bowl guy that people will get excited about. Uh Naa I think is how you would say his

name. Hunter from Nebraska 124.5 QBR when targeted. Not a huge target earner yet but 6'1 205 lbs 7.8 yards after catch per reception. Anthony Colanda I think is the name of the quarterback of uh Nebraska now with Dylan Riyola transferring to Oregon. So we'll see what happens there. But Hunter is actually I believe an underassman. So, he uh has a chance to be um another one of those ceiling razors. I actually should probably move him into the ceiling razor tier as opposed to the floor raisers cuz he is more of a a junior. Um Nick Anderson uh I've talked about before, Oklahoma formerly and LSU formerly. Now he's at Kentucky, 6'4, 28 pounds. He's been hurt his entire college career, so hopefully he can stay healthy. His freshman uh year at or his red shirt freshman year at Oklahoma was very good though. Big, fast, physical. Let's put it all together here at Kentucky. Probably not worth much, but definitely worth mentioning. And uh one thing I also want to break down here uh

is like Jaden Great House, Evan Stewart, those are also just like kind of floor raising wide receivers. If you like them, sure, they'll probably be in the class, but they'll probably be more like third round picks in rookie drafts. Uh UDFAs, the guys that I mentioned, the guys whose grades I'm going to switch views here. the these players are are grades who are dramatically being impacted by their lack of draft capital in mockdrafts right now because again I'm using their projected mockdraft database ADP as part of their prospect profile. So the fact that Charlie Becker is not projected to be drafted, the fact that KJ Duff and Nick Marsh and all these guys are not projected to be drafted is more an indictment on the fact that people don't think they're going to be in the 2027 class than it is that they're not draftable players. I'm sure if you told NFL draft scouts right now, crystal ball, Charlie Becker's in the class, he's at least a day two wide

receiver, but they don't want to put him in Mox yet because he is just like a one-year player, only a half a year, and he isn't eligible really until 2028, but again, he'll be a red shirt sophomore. He can come out for the draft. It just depends on what Duff, what Becker, what Marsh, what TJ Moore, what Ryan Wingo, and these guys decide to do. So, um, if they're being projected UDFA capital, it's probably more so that they are expected to be in the 2028 class than the 2027 class. But again, I would bet good money that one or two of these guys are actually in next year's class. So, you do have to be aware of them and know that their grades would be a lot better if they were projected to be the 70th pick in the draft. So, what I did was remove the draft capital from the equation. Here are the FSE underassman grades purely on profile. No draft capital included. You could see what the draft capital was on the side there, but it is not included in this grade. So, these are just purely who's the best

prospect in the class, removing the element of draft capital. And again, I gave a uh basically a boost, a 90 divided by 100 boost to guys who are entering their true third season in college football, junior season, red shirt, sophomore season. I gave a small boost to the guys who are entering their true senior season. So, they're probably like 21, 22 years old. And then I did not adjust the guys who are entering year five of their college career, year six of their college career. So this is how the class stacks up now where Jeremiah Smith obviously is still the wide receiver one, but Charlie Becker jumps up big time. You could see uh KJ Duff and Bryant Wesco and Nick Marsh jumping up big time. That is kind of how we need to organize this class because again this class and the reason I organized it like this on the tier list is you have one guy that we feel excellent about, couple guys that we feel really good about, couple guys that we feel are solid options and then ceiling and floor razors where a couple

of those ceiling razors, let's say we look back on the college football season and Becker, Marsh, and TJ Moore were the guys that broke out. They're now like late rookie first, early rookie second type of guys. That's great. Maybe it's the floor raising guys that put together another good season and Eugene Wilson has a bounce back at his new school at LSU and he's able to, you know, regain his prospect profile. So again, it's all going to depend on who comes out, who has good seasons, who has bad seasons. The guys who have bad seasons probably go back to school. The guys who have good seasons probably come out for the draft. And this wide receiver class, if I had to give it like a blanket statement right now, it is Jeremiah Smith, couple of guys, and a bunch of unknowns. But the initial prospect profiles, a lot of these guys are good. So, this class has the potential to be as good as the 2026 wide receiver class or as good as the 2025 wide receiver class. Probably not as good as like

2024s or 2020s, but it has a chance to be really solid nonetheless. Couple honorable mentions just to make note of them. Micah Hudson from Texas Tech, fishing on a perarget basis, former high recruit, Perry Thompson, former high recruit of Auburn, now at Minnesota, number nine wide receiver in that class. All three Auburn wide receivers, Singleton, Perry Thompson, and uh Cam Coleman, all transferred. So, that should speak volumes about how much of a train wreck that situation was. And then there's a couple Tennessee guys. Mike Matthews to me is the most interesting. 800 plus yards for Tennessee last year. And of course, Chris Purcell is leaving. So, maybe he'll step into a bigger role. But that is the wide receiver class. Again, if you're planning around, you know, selling assets for 2027 picks. I would say of the position groups so far, the minus Jeremiah Smith, the wide receiver class is maybe not the strength of 2027, but it has a chance to be really great if we get a couple of these

underassman ceiling razors having great seasons. So, that's all well and good, but the strength of the class in my opinion as of now is probably at the running back position, which I'll get into in the next video, which I'll also get into at the quarterback position, which we know probably two or three quarterbacks are going in the first round for sure. maybe upwards of four or five first round quarterbacks if things break right. The wide receiver position is the most volatile. It could end up being a very shallow group, could end up being a very deep group. It all depends on what happens in the college football season in 2026. So, if I gave you guys some good information, whether it was for like a Devi draft that you're about to do, or also just in general planning for your Dynasty rookie picks, planning for the 2027 Capital, I know that the majority of people who clicked on this video probably have three to four to five to six 2027 firsts and seconds banked up in the tank. Let me know who

you guys like of these guys right now. Who's your favorite prospect? And honestly, give me a take in the comments. Hey, you have um Charlie Becker in the ceiling raisers category, but I bet you after the end of the season, he's the wide receiver three in the class or something like that. Get bold in the comments section with me. If I had to like look at this list and go, who's the guy that I think really jumps up? I think that both of the Indiana receivers could really end up being dudes. Nick Marsh and Charlie Becker. Wouldn't shock me if one of these Clemson receivers really breaks out as well. So, that's kind of like my uh calling my shot, shooting my shot. Let me know what you guys think down below in the comments. Leave a like if you guys enjoyed. Subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. I will, if you guys want me to, I will upload the 2027 prospects, this initial version into the prospect model on the site. And if you guys don't know, the FSE prospect

model is available for you guys to play with, use on the the Flock Fantasy site. You have all the 2026 prospects in there as of now. That's going to be undergoing a big update uh you know, right as we get close to the NFL draft. And then, of course, once the draft is over, we add another big update into there. But if you guys want to, I'll throw the 2027 prospects up there as well, so you guys can see how these guys really stack up and tinker around with things. And, you know, again, you can use the data yourself to be like, "Oh, that guy's a really bad drop rate. I want to, you know, make note of that because I want to draft him in Devi and I want to know what he needs to do in 2026 to become a better prospect." So, if you guys are true sickos like me, head on over to flockfantasy.com. Use all of our tools. We have a trade calculator customized to your league settings. We have a portfolio manager tool which is exceptionally exceptionally detailed where you can go around and you can look

at your prospects uh of your dynasty portfolio. Let's say you're in five leagues. You can see which teams are true contenders. You can see which teams are more so uh solid options for you. Like I'll actually just show you guys right now so that it's easier for you to see. Um so let me make myself a little bit smaller. This is our portfolio manager and you can see I'll make myself really really small at the top here. You can see it tells you the average percentile of your dynasty portfolio. So you can see it's a 62%. You can see some of your teams that are like juggernauts, strong rebuilders, balance teams, etc. You can sort by contending mode, so it pulls underdog ADP and reshuffles your team and you can see exactly on your team where those guys are going in underdog draft so that you know how contending heavy they can be. You can sort by rebuilder mode, which of course is going to favor teams that have a lot of young players, like this one of mine, where you have draft capital and you

have young players and that kind of thing. And again, you can click into the individual league. You can see where you stack up. You can see your team. You can make moves. You can see your starting lineup. Again, you can sort by contending mode. You can sort by rebuilding mode. So on and so forth. The best portfolio manager out there. You can also see your exposures. Who are your highest rostered players. You see Bejian Robinson, Ashen Genty up there for me in terms of you sort by the number of shares. And you can see that you sort by the exposure, the value players that you have. And again, you could sort by superflex, one quarterback, whatever you guys need to do. And again, trade calculator, you can do uh, you know, specific to your league settings, trades. You can do mock drafts right now, rookie mocks, startup mocks, all that stuff. Use our comparison tool to make uh some analysis. Uh, you can use our prediction range of outcomes tool. And again, as I made reference to, you can check out the prospect model.

Tinker around with this year's class, Jeremiah Love, and some of the players in here. And again, if you want me to put it in, I'll get the devs on it and uh we'll put up the uh the prospects in the 2027 class. And again, we have prospect models for every position. Wide receiver, running back, quarterback, and tight end. And again, if I put the 2027 prospects in here, Jeremiah Smith's name will be at the very, very top. So definitely relevant to today's video. Um, if that all interests you, check it out down below. flockfantasy.com, promo code FSE. But with that being said, peace out and I'll talk to you soon.
