Today we're going to take a deep dive. We're going to go through the FSC prospect model as it relates to class-by-class comparisons. A lot has been made of the 2026 class not being very good, and we're going to answer the question once and for all. Is this class good, bad, average, terrible, great, etc. We're going to go through the last six draft classes, so going back to 2020 and determining where the 2026 class stacks up by comparison, maybe some ADP trends, and also to positionally position by position how good is this wide receiver class, running back, quarterback, tight end, which I'll do kind of in the middle portion of this video. But basically what I'm going to do, here are the parameters for this exercise. I take the top 25 superflex rookie draft ADP for a given year. This is 2026's that you guys can see on the screen as an example. I fill in the prospect information, so Jeremiah Love is the first pick consensus. His chances of hitting a top 12 season are dependent on his prospect

bucket in the model and his FSC grade. So you can see he has a 91 plus grade, generational caliber prospect. His expected point per game output are that of a generational running back prospect like a Bijan, like a Christian McCaffrey, like a Saquon Barkley. Those are the last couple, and so on and so forth. So I go through each prospect, I fill in their FSC grade, and also their expected points per game based on their prospect tier, and also as you can see in the middle right in the far right columns, their chances of hitting a top 12 season at running back or wide receiver, a top five season at quarterback or tight end, and also at the far right column their chances of peaking as a top wide receiver, top 12 wide receiver, top 12 running back on KeepTradeCut, or a top five quarterback, top five tight end on KeepTradeCut as well. So essentially, we're going to use this to determine how strong any given draft class is, what are your chances of hitting on your specific rookie picks in

the top three, in the top six, in the top 12, and also just in the second round as well. Let's just start with the raw ADP data. How good was a top three rookie pick? So you have the 101, the 102, or 103 in relation to each of the last couple of draft classes. Now again, there's no perfect way to do this because people might have had differing opinions on who they would take top three, or who they would take top six, or who they would take top 12. But just as a general overview, the strength of each class is broken up by this category. Early first, top three pick. Mid first, top six pick. Early to mid first, and then top 12, top 18, so the 206 or earlier in the 12-man draft, and then the top 25. Some takeaways that you can see here is it looks like the 2024 class is the best we've seen in recent memory. Makes sense. We had six first round quarterbacks, a generational tight end prospect in Brock Bowers. We also of course had a couple of very, very good prospects at the top at wide

receiver with Harrison, with Neighbors, and those guys. Of course we didn't have a very good running back class, but the rest of the class in general was very good. 2026's when you compare it to the rest of the classes here, looks a little bit better up top. At the top six picks, as we know for consensus that is the top three receivers, Tyson, Lemon, and Tate, and then Jeremiah Love, Fernando Mendoza, and Kenyon Seddik. These top six prospects are pretty much as good as we've seen over the last couple of draft classes other than 2024 really. It stacks up favorably with 2025, with 2022, with 2021, and then even in 2020 and 2023, it's actually better than those respective draft classes. The general thought here has been, okay, we have a good top five to six class, top five to six picks in this class, but then once you have the 107 to 112, it starts to fall off. That does appear to be the case. You can see the top 12 totals among the worst, the third worst in fact the last couple of draft classes. It's

definitely not 2020 as far as like the late first round pick caliber players. It's definitely not 2024. It's definitely not even last year, but it is definitely a better late round one than 2022 and 2023 had. And same goes for the depth in the second round. It starts to balance out a little bit more, and you can see that in 2024 was a very deep draft class, 2025 pretty deep, 2021 pretty deep, 2020 was very, very deep at that point in time because we weren't very good at valuing players and the ADP was just off the board in general. This class gets a lot of hate for being ass, but in reality it kind of is just average. Now obviously guys like Puka Nacua or Harold Fannin, guys who are not going in the first 25 picks of rookie ADP are not going to factor in to the strength of these overall draft classes, and the dynasty market is never going to value the draft class the same way my prospect model would. That's just never going to happen in a million years. But that's what makes this a fun exercise.

We can use the the prospect model to determine the hit rates, but we can also use it to spot landmines and values today. That's the real application of this is because this is fun anecdotal stuff to talk about, but what does it actually mean? Well, if we take a look again at the 2026 class, which I can put on the screen here, we can also spot some guys that appear to be undervalued based on their grade, based on their prospect tier, and based on their expected points per game and expected hit rates, you can see that Jonah Coleman where he's going in rookie drafts right now at the 112, he has a way higher expected hit rate than all the guys going around him. Same goes for Elijah Sorat, Chris Bell, Jacoby Lane, Keaton Allen, even a little bit of Nick Singleton there. Don't just focus on the FSC grade portion to see how they should be ordered. It does really matter their prospect tier and their overall hit rates on the far right side. So when you factor all that in, it definitely points to, okay, this guy

might be a little overvalued, this guy might be a little undervalued. Now guys that appear to be a little overrated in rookie drafts right now, we have Ty Simpson, Jahmyr Gibbs, Eli Stowe, mainly because of quarterbacks and tight ends being a little bit lower FSC grades in general. Their grades are going to look a lot worse, but again, look at the hit rates. What are the hit rates of Ty Simpson? What are the hit rates of Eli Stowe? Those guys appear to be a little bit overvalued. And again, guys that are like flex play caliber prospects like Mike Washington and Emeka Egbuka and Jermaine Burton, Skylar Bell, that's where you get the stigma that this class isn't very good. The fact that these guys are being elevated to second round rookie picks, when in a lot of other classes those flex play caliber players would probably be more so third round rookie picks. And to give you an idea of what this class would actually look like if we just sorted it verbatim by the FSC grade that they have. Keep in mind

quarterbacks and tight ends grades are usually a little bit lower. You could see that Jeremiah Love, Rakim Jarrett, Carnell Tate, Jordan Addison, Keon Coleman, it actually orders them directly based on their expected model grade there. And again, keep in mind to the hit rates on the right side, which is why Mendoza would be a lot higher if you went by his prospect tier and and whatnot as well. But either way, man, you see that this class has some glaring values. Elijah Sorat being valued as the 14th overall player, he's the what, seventh overall player when you sort it by this. Jonah Coleman goes up a little bit in value. See, you know, Kenyon Seddik go down a little bit in value. Chris Bell come up a little bit in value. Jacoby Lane come in a little bit. Branch comes up a little bit in value, and guys like Sky, Skylar Bell, and Ty Simpson, and Mike Washington, and those type of dudes go down a little bit in value. Emeka Egbuka as well. Now the fun part of this is let's take the 2020 draft for example

because part of the reason why the data is skewed on the 2020 class is because Clyde Edwards-Helaire had no business going at the 102 or the 101 in one quarterback leagues because, you know, people got excited about the Chiefs landing spot when in reality we should have been taking CeeDee Lamb and Justin Jefferson and those types of players. In hindsight six years later, we know that obviously people who took Clyde Edwards-Helaire over those players were definitely not in good shape. But even then, even using not hindsight bias or anything, just using their prospect model grades, you can see that Clyde Edwards-Helaire was wrong to go at the 102. Ke'Shawn Vaughn was overvalued. Jalen Reagor was overvalued. Denzel Mims was overvalued. Henry Ruggs was overvalued to be the first wide receiver off the board. And you could see some of the values that scream out to you. CeeDee Lamb, Justin Jefferson, Jerry Jeudy, Tee Higgins, Michael Pittman, Brandon Aiyuk, Laviska Shenault, Jalen Hurts, Antonio Gibson, all listed as

nice values. Again, not a perfect hit rate, but if you drafted off of this back then, holy cow would you have drafted a lot better in 2020 than a lot of some people did, and including myself who did end up taking Clyde Edwards-Helaire all the way back in 2020 as a top three rookie pick over some of those wide receivers. Now this is what rookie drafts would have looked like if people had followed the prospect model. And again, not a perfect hit rate, but look at how much better this would have ended up aging if this is how the ADP looked. CeeDee Lamb, Justin Jefferson, Joe Burrow, Jonathan Taylor, Tee Higgins, Tua Tagovailoa, those guys were the highest valued rookie picks off the board. And while there's some guys that probably should have gone higher like a Jalen Hurts or an Antonio Gibson or whatever, you feel a lot better about this ADP than you felt about the previous ADP there. And again, another example, you can look at the 2023 class where Anthony Richardson, Will Levis, those guys were big landmines. Same with

Jonathan Mingo and Hendon Hooker and some of those type of dudes as well. So you can see a lot of those landmines kind of highlighted. You can see where the values might have been. Sam LaPorta being one of the huge, huge values. If you took him ahead of ADP in 2023, that was obviously a good decision. Same goes for like Zach Charbonnet and Devon Achane and some of the other values there. Dalton Kincaid was a good value in this draft. So again, it's more so anecdotal at this point to look back at previous draft classes. But again, remember what I said about 2026 where Elijah Sorat looks like a great value, and Chris Bell looks like a good value. Jonah Coleman looks like a good value. Keaton Allen looks like a good value. Jacoby Lane looks like a good value. Remember that this has been pretty predictive in years past. And in 2023, if you had sorted the ADP by the FSC grade and the overall hit rates there, you could see that Bijan would have been the 101 as he was before. JSN, Gibbs, Stroud, Addison, those guys would

have gone off the board first, and you would have seen a little bit less of the, okay, let's push push Anthony Richardson all the way up the board and give him that ADP. Now again, it's not necessarily going to look perfect because Achane would have obviously went a lot higher. He'd be like the fourth or the fifth pick if we redrafted that class. But again, it's a lot better of a hit rate. That's what we're trying to do here. We're trying to spot the landmines and spot the breakouts and spot the values. And that's what this exercise is probably pointing us in the direction of. So that's kind of like the overview, but if we also kind of drill down position by position here, we can also see how good this wide receiver class is truly, how good this running back class is truly, etc., etc. So based on those wide receivers, all those wide receivers from every draft class that have been drafted in the top 25 picks of rookie draft ADP in their respective draft

classes in superflex. A wide receiver class is considered good for like two reasons. Number one, a wide receiver class can be considered very good if you think about the 2021 wide receiver class with Jamarr Chase and Devonta Smith and Jaylen Waddle, but not a lot of depth. It was very very high-end talent at the top, but a wide receiver class can also be good if there's a lot of good wide receivers in it like 2022 or like um 2024's wide receiver class where there's a lot of wide receivers that are going in the 2026 class we actually have a ton of quantity. There are 14 wide receivers going inside the top 25 overall picks right now, which is the most of any draft class since 2020. And if you could see all of these, you know, columns that I have broken down here, the PPR strength of wide receiver column basically just adds up all the PPR points of all the expected numbers so you can see in quantity and quality how good the classes are. You see the 2024 sticks out as the best one with 127 .2,

2026 this year's class 124.1, and then also like the 2022 class very solid and so on. The 2023 class not as good of one, but of course we had a lot of late round sleepers that broke out. And then you can see the point per game strength of wide receiver here where um the 2025 and 2024 and 2020 classes stick out as more quality-based draft classes where there was a lot of good players at the top, but there wasn't as much depth as say the 2026 class has. Wide receiver expected hits so essentially how many top 12 producing wide receivers do we expect to come out of this class? This year 3.7 is the number. Out of the 14 guys that are going inside of the top 25 only 3.7 are expected to have a top 12 season at some point in their career. Whereas in 2024 that was 4.5 on a lower number. In 2020 that was four on a lower number and uh so on and so forth. And then you also have the PPR points per game hit rate of the wide receiver position where this year you can see it is only 26.1% expected hit rate again factoring in

first round receivers and second round receivers combined and a large part of that is because so many wide receivers are being elevated because other position groups suck. Running back, quarterback, those positions are not as deep. Which means we have to elevate up some of these like Skyler Bell, Jeremy Bernard caliber prospects and that's what's hurting the overall hit rate, but it does give us a nice volume of wide receivers to go after if that's the position you're after in your rookie draft. But you can see classes like 2020 and 2024 hold up a lot better from a hit rate perspective because the prospects that were going in the first two rounds were much better prospects in totality. There wasn't a lot of bad prospects being elevated like there are this year because we're lacking depth across the board. And then dynasty value of those wide receivers again how many receivers do we expect to peak as top 12 dynasty wide receivers on the open market? 2024 and 2020 being the poster child 4.5 and

4.4 respectively receivers were being elevated to that point and eventually um expected to finish as top 12 receivers in overall dynasty value. Moving into the running back position a lot of people assume this running back class is not very good and they'd be correct. However, this running back class is a little bit better than maybe some people are thinking because we do have a decent volume of running backs going inside the first 25 picks and also to the 2024 class is the poster child for like terrible running back classes and even that class produced some guys like Bucky Irving, like Tyrone Tracy that ended up um emerging out of the late rounds. But again, Benson, Brooks, those guys were not super highly decorated RB1, RB2 overall prospects in their respective classes. And then same goes for 2022. Yes, we had Breece Hall and Kenneth Walker, but it wasn't a very deep class across the board. So yes, the poster child of good draft classes at the running back position are 2025 last

year's draft class very good running back class. 2020 of course the Dobbins, Jonathan Taylor, Swift class. And then 2023 the Bijan, Gibbs, Achane classes as well. Those were the poster childs for really really good draft classes at running back. But the bright side for 2026 is that this class is a little bit more comparable to 2022, the Hall and Walker class. The 2024 class is definitely better than that's the Brooks and Benson class. And then uh somewhat comparable a little bit worse than the 2021 class which was the Etienne, Najee Harris, Devonta Williams. Um not that not quite that level of quality up top, but depth-wise very comparable to that class as well. Moving into the quarterback position when we look at the strengths and weaknesses across the board, again you could see that this class is not a good quarterback class. It is actually the second worst since uh the 2022 class which was uh the Kenny Pickett, the uh Desmond Ridder, the Malik Willis, Sam Howell, Matt Corral class. Um 2024 class

you just see how absolutely insane that class was with the six first rounders. Same with 2021 that was the Trevor Lawrence, Zach Wilson, Trey Lance, Justin Fields class. And then 2020 that was the Joe Burrow, Tua Tagovailoa, Justin Herbert, Jordan Love, Jalen Hurts class. So those classes very clearly the the cream uh creme de la creme of the uh quarterback position whereas 2026's class a slightly worse version of 2025's and 2023's. If you think about it, it's essentially just the 2022 class with a bonafide first round pick in Fernando Mendoza instead of Kenny Pickett being the first quarterback off the board. So again, we know quarterback class not very good this year. We should draft them as such. Tight end position um you do see that the uh 2025 and 2023 classes pop out as very good tight end classes. Makes sense last year we had Warren, we had Loveland, we had uh Mason Taylor, Terrance Ferguson, Harold Fannin and Gadsden not even included in this conversation cuz they were outside the

top 25 picks in ADP. And then 2023's class also very good. Kincaid, LaPorta, Michael Mayer, and uh Tucker Kraft wasn't even included in that because he was outside the top 25 picks as well. So take the tight end position though with a grain of salt because the only tight ends in 2026 that are actually registering are Eli Stowers and Kenyon Sadiq. They're the only ones that are going inside the top 25 picks, but I would argue that Max Wright from Ohio State, Justin Jolly from NC State, Eli Raridon from Notre Dame, Sam LaPorta from Stanford, Jack Endries from Texas, Michael uh Trey McBride the depth of this tight end class is not being realized yet, but eventually I think it will start to creep itself into the back of the second round and we should see three, four tight ends go in the first two rounds of startup uh of rookie draft ADP. So that being said, these hit rates look decent. They look middling like the 2021 class that was the Kyle Pitts, Pat Freiermuth year. But I do think in depth

the 2026 class combined with 2023 and 2025 are kind of like the gold standard of tight end classes the last six years. It's just that the top's two tight ends this year with Sadiq and Stowers are not quite Loveland and Warren last year. They're not quite um Kincaid and LaPorta from 2023. They're just a little bit hair behind that, but when you look at the overview of those positions, you do see on like a quality and a quantity basis you see the strengths of each class. This year the strength is wide receiver in depth not necessarily in quality, but in depth it's the strength of this class. Running back-wise again not a terrible class, but it's definitely not anything special. The tight end position probably in depth especially is very solid. Down quarterback year in 2024 you see the great wide receiver class. You see the great quarterback class. Down running back class. Shallow tight end class behind Brock Bowers. You can see it across the board with all of these

position groups. When you look at the combined PPR points expected from each of the positions, you can see pretty quickly what was the expected strength of each draft class. And we all know anecdotally that the 2020 class was a good uh running back class. We know anecdotally that the 2020 class sucked at tight end. Cole Kmet was the only tight end selected in the first two rounds I believe and he didn't go until very late in the second round. So uh an overview of the average points per game strength you guys can see here. These are the average expected points per game for each position and this definitely makes the 2026 class look a little bit weaker because the wide receiver position is getting there in volume. Like I said, it's because we have 14 going in the first 25 picks more so than we have 20 good wide receivers in this class. This class is is really shallow at pick like 18, 19, 20 of the second round. So the wide receiver position has been elevated. That's where you see Jeremy

Bernard coming up the board. That's where you see, you know, even the Zachariah Branch, Chris Braswell type of wide receivers getting pushed up the board. You could see that very clearly when you look at this average points per game expected from each draft class. The 2024, the 2025, the 2021 class appear much better here because they were uh a class of quality. They were a class of really really high-end prospects not necessarily in volume. And then 2024 as you see how insane the quarterback class was and how insane the tight end class was as well in 2024 because you had at the top of the board Brock Bowers his expected points per game. But again, in quality it was good. It was not good in depth because Ja'Tavion Sanders and Ben Sinnott were not very good second and third tight ends. It was just that Bowers was carrying that number in the top 25 of ADP. Expected hit rates by position. You can see conclusively 2026 is around that 2022, 2023 range. So overall not very good draft classes and

very far off from like, you know, 2024 and 2020 and even 2025 and 2021. 2026's class overall and expected hit rate of each position is not very good. But again, keep in mind that wide receiver number is being dragged down by the fact that we had to put some prospects at pick 20 to 25 and a lot of them are wide receivers because the depth of this class is pretty solid there. And then again, expected dynasty value hits you can see same thing. Expected you were supposed to get a very good running back class last year, a very good tight end class last year. Overall expected dynasty value hit rates are pretty strong outside of the 2026 class and the 2022 class we're looking at um some pretty good numbers there. And then the final thing I wanted to go over is just like the objective overview. What are we looking at in the 2026 draft? And it's it's not great. The top 25 expected uh FSC grade is lower than any other class except for 2023 and 2022. So if we're talking about the last six

draft classes including this one as tiers, uh 2020 and 2024 were kind of in a tier of their own as the best classes we've seen over the last six years. 2021 and 2025 were considered good classes I would say. And then 2026 is slightly ahead of 2023, slightly ahead of 2022, but it's still not great. It's not necessarily a class that we feel good about. The 2023 class is basically the best comparable class that we have as far as overall quality, start to finish, what does the top three look like, what does the top six look like, what does the top 12 look like, what does the top 18 look like, what does the top 25 look like, and again, how many good positions of strength do we have and what are those positions? I think it matches up very well with the 2023 class. The 2023 running back class was the strength, tight end class also a strength of that class, and there was a couple of QBs we felt good about. Whereas 2026, it's more like we feel good about a couple of great wide receivers, couple of tight ends, one

quarterback, etc., and one running back, but beyond that, like if you don't have a high rookie pick this year, this is the year to trade up. If you're looking for some overall takeaways from this video, and I really hope I didn't confuse the crap out of everyone in this one, this was meant to be more of an anecdotal type of video. Let's go through the numbers, let's talk about some takeaways. If I'm going through takeaways as somebody who did this exercise, number one, this class in the second round is get your guy season. So, what you want, if you guys are doing, you know, trades right now, is getting volume in the second round. You don't necessarily need the 201, 202, 203. You might actually be better off instead of those three bullets, you might be better off with 203, 205, 207, 209, 212, and 211. And having more picks in the second round as opposed to having higher picks in the second round. So, that's something to keep in mind because I also do see a lot

of fluctuating opinion on who actually belongs to go in that area. Some people love, you know, Emmet Johnson, Mike Washington. Some people are not in love with players like that, like me, for example. I'm going to be leaning into the wide receiver position in that territory of the draft and even maybe the tight end position at the end of that second round area. So, if you're looking for a takeaway from this video, get second round picks in volume, not necessarily in quality. If somebody's willing to offer you 205 and 210 to trade back from 201, you should probably do something like that because the prospects you're going to get at 205 and 210 are not going to be that different from what you're getting at 201 anyways. And same goes to for, you know, uh trading rookie picks cuz in a vacuum, some people might say that player, let's say Jaylen Waddle on the Broncos now, is worth the 107 in every draft class. Well, that's just not true. He would not have been worth the 107 in the 2024

draft class where you could have gotten Brock Bowers as a prospect. He would maybe be worth the 107 in this draft class where the best player on the board might be like Casey Conceição or one of the other running backs behind Jeremiah Love or something like that. So, keep in mind that all these picks values fluctuate. It's a reason that we do the dynasty trade value chart so we can give you guys an accurate read, an accurate representation of where, once these prospects are taken, are they going to rank within dynasty wide receiver rankings, dynasty running back rankings, and so on. So, we will actually have a dynasty trade value chart update live on the site very soon, probably early next week. I'm going to my brother's bachelor party this weekend and I've had some family stuff happen throughout this week. So, uh the 2027 uh first look video will be coming next week. Apologies to anybody who's been waiting patiently on that. I still got to run some prospects through the prospect

model and get a preliminary uh view of what they look like. Um but yeah, if you guys enjoyed this video, if I didn't confuse the crap out of you, leave a like, subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. Also, comment any of your thoughts down below. Again, hopefully this was easy to understand. Hopefully you guys got some value from this. The biggest takeaway for me is definitely that those top six rookie picks are absolutely going to be really good value picks. Like they're not, you know, just cuz it's a down draft class doesn't mean the top six is down or the top three is down. In fact, it actually means that it's just the depth in the mid early second round kind of area is the part that is down in this year for fantasy rookie drafts. So, um if that interests you, check it all out flockfantasy.com, promo code FSE for everything we got going on over there. Dynasty rookie draft guide, top 40 rookies live right now, all the prospect write-ups, grades, strengths,

weaknesses, about 28 rookie videos up so far, too. So, if you want to see the film breakdown, I just posted the Drew Allar one yesterday, which is a really interesting prospect for me to go through because he ended up actually grading as my QB2 ahead of Ty Simpson. So, check that out. That'll all be linked in the draft guide. And again, new trade value chart update coming in the next couple of days post free agency, post a lot of these moves. Maybe we even put the rookies in that trade value chart update cuz I think that'll be really useful for people to understand. But, with that being said, peace out. I'll talk to you soon. Keep it up.
