Dynasty trade targets buy position. We are back with another edition of the buys and sells for Dynasty Fantasy Football. We are basically out of the free agency period. Players have moved teams. There's been a lot of shuffling of rankings. We have a brand new Dynasty trade value chart update available for you guys on flockfantasy.com. Promo code FSE to get started over there. But basically what we're going to be doing today is going through every single position. Hard buys, soft buys, soft sells, hard sells, and so on. Quick honorable mention before I get into this. We are going to have a version of this that comes out right after the draft that will have the rookies in it. So, you definitely want to stay tapped in. And also too, if you guys are a rebuilding team, generally you're not buying players this time of year. You're probably looking more so at buying picks. And a couple of value picks that I think that are really good to buy right now. 2026 third rounders, if you

can tack them on to the end of deals, the reason I think they're kind of sneaky this year is that most people agree that this class in the like late first round, early to mid-second round range is not very great. And in reality, I'm like 45 50 players into evaluating this class. And I think the reason that a lot of that sentiment is going around is because there's not a huge difference between the 13th to 15th best prospect in this class as the 35th best prospect in this class. So that's going to mean that in the third and in the fourth round of rookie drafts, there's actually some value to be had. So if you guys are looking to collect some extra picks, 2026 third is not a bad one. Obviously, you guys are going to be going after 2027 early to mid-first based on the running backs and the wide receivers to target and avoid than I did for 2027 the last couple of days. And the 2027 class, in my opinion, will have a lot better value in the early second round. And because it's not a first round pick,

people don't mind giving those picks up as easily. So, if you're rebuilding, you're looking to collect some extra picks, go after 2027 seconds. 2027 early to mid-first, obviously, as everyone knows. and then 2026 thirds and fourths. I think they're easy tackons to the end of deals. But let's get into the first position group. We are going to be talking about running backs first. So the first guy that I have here listed in the hard buys section. The hard buys that I have Chase Brown, Saquon Barkley, Bashel Tutin, and Rashad White. Now all these guys are very different. Um, the reason I'm buying Chase Brown is because honestly in the back the past two seasons, his down thestretch production has been so impressive and the fact that he finishes RB seven in fantasy points per game last year. I honestly just don't know why he's going as RB15 on keep trade cut. He's the running back nine for me in my rankings. When I think about where he's going to go on underdog

and where he's going to go in best baseball drafts and and manage reddraft leagues, this is a guy that's going to be like a late first round, early second round asset in a reddraft leagues who's still only 26 years old who has a chance to play for a big contract extension this year. I just don't see why he's not going valued higher. Like right now, I'd be comfortable, as you guys can see there, giving up the 105, the 106 in Superflex Draft. I'd be comfortable moving off of Jordan Tyson and Kenyan Sadi who I have ranked there at this moment in time. So Chase Brown to me very very good trade target for those of you guys that are coming out of a rebuild looking for some running back production or maybe you already just won the championship or were in the playoffs looking to beef up that running back room. I think Chase Brown is one of the best contending buys out there at the running back position or even if it's just a flex uh production piece. I think he's one of the best out there. Uh

Saquon Barkley. Now this one's a little bit more of a nuance take why I think he's a good buy. So most people if they're competitive they probably think okay who's the best running back I can buy probably Christian McAffrey or Derrick Henry right Christian McAffrey is going to cost you about the 106 through the 108 in this year's rookie class Derrick Henry probably a late first round early second round pick but the reason I actually think Saquon Barkley is one of my favorite pure contending buys like you just won the championship looking to go back to back or maybe you were on the doorstep knocking and you need another running back piece Barkley is probably on the team that didn't do so well because he was probably one of their best players did have a down season, they probably didn't produce at a super high level or win a championship and they might be looking to rebuild. So, part of this has to do with the person who has Saquon Barkley maybe looking to move off of

him. And another part of it is the part of the draft order that he falls in. Like right now, I think that you can acquire Saquon Barkley for about the 107 through 110 in this year's rookie class, which a lot of people have talked about, myself included, not being like the greatest pocket of prospects in the 107 to 110 range as opposed to previous years that we've seen in that range of the draft. So Saquon Barkley to me, if you were to, you know, be able to give up like the 109, 110 or something like that to bolster a roster that has a chance easily to win the championship, a clear top three to four team in your league, I actually think Saquon Barkley has a chance for a nice bounceback season this year because the Eagles very solid team still. They're still going to project for like 10 plus wins and Barkley could have an easy bounceback season. He's, you know, future Hall of Fame talent at the running back position for a reason. So he's one of my other hard buys. Moving into the other hard

buys that I have listed here. I'm all aboard the the Bashel Tutin hype train. Um everything that needed to happen for Bashel Tutin happened. Um when he was coming out of Virginia Tech last year, we called him potentially the next Bucky Irving. Well, he goes to the situation in which the coach who coached Bucky Irving, Liam Con is there. So check check on that. He was a prospect in my opinion who needed about a year to sit and learn and understand how the running back position works. Check mark there. He got that behind Travis ETN this year. He was productive when he got opportunities, but generally it was more of like a red shirt year for him playing a backup role. And then Travis ETN moves on in free agency. Check mark there. So now we have Bashel Tunin in an ideal situation for his skill set and also in a situation where he got to learn behind a veteran running back for a year and now he's being thrust into the starting role. They signed Chris Rodriguez who is a fine complimentary running back, but

he was Washington's like starting running back last year. Does anybody think Washington had a very good uh run game in 2025? Like I'm not really scared of Chris Rodriguez and actually I think them signing Chris Rodriguez bodess well for Bashel Tutin because I think that they're less likely to spend a second round pick on Jadarian Price or a third round pick on Jonah Coleman or something like that. They'll probably add like Seth McGoan or something like that in the fifth round or something. But I think between Laquent Allen, between Chris Rodriguez and between Bayel Tutin, they feel good about their running back core. And Bashel Tutin right now price tag wise you're talking about a fringe first round caliber asset. Maybe you could send the 112 in 2026 away for him. Maybe you could send the 2011, something like that. And I am willing to be in on that price tag because he is an electric electric running back, excellent speed, great receiving skill set. He could legitimately be basically what Bucky

Irving was for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at the end of the 2024 season. I think that's what he can do over the course of a full season. I don't actually see a massive massive difference, assuming he survives the NFL draft, between the Bucky Irving projection in 2025 versus the Bucky Irving uh the Bashel Tutin projection, sorry, in 2026. The only difference being that we saw Bucky do it over a larger stretch of time. I really believed in Bashel to the prospect. I am all in on his price tag. I am definitely willing to pay. If I have the 112 and I'm looking for a running back, you're probably not going to get as good of a running back at 112, whether it's Coleman or Price or one of those guys as the projection that Bashel Tutin has. And then the last hard buy that I have here is Rashad White. And basically, this is are you a gambler? You want to you want to flip the coin. you want to take the risk that Jeremiah Love is not a Washington commander because if he's not then I do think that Rashad White

has a chance to be extremely valuable because Rashad White back in 2023 was the RB10 in fantasy RB4 and overall finish. He has carried a big workload before. He's playing with his former college quarterback Jane Daniels. They need an uplifting element to their run game and Rashad White in back-to-back seasons has really improved his efficiency marks. You can see 4.3 yards per carry in back-to-back years with the Tampa Bay Bucks and behind my face there 4.8 8 yards per touch, 6.9 yards per touch in the last two years. So all that needs to happen here in my opinion for Rashad White to be way way way more valuable than where he's going right now, he is like a RB50 on keep trade cut right now. You can get him for an early third round pick according to the market. And if he survives Jeremiah Love, even if they add somebody in the second or the third round or it's him and Bill Crosky, Merritt and some of the other guys that they have, I expect Rashad White to have a you know Chuba

Hubard like workload or something like that. So for me, Rashad White, a very good buy low candidate if you're a team that is looking for running back production but doesn't want to spend up for it or maybe you want to tack him on to the end of a deal. He is one of my favorite buys at the running back position right now. Moving into the soft buys. Now what a soft buy is versus a hard buy. Hard buys like I'm buying in all formats regardless of my team structure. Soft buys are more team dependent and also price dependent. Depending on your league, um the price could vary. Guy like James Cook to me is a soft buy because in league to league he will vary. more competitive reddraft style leagues, he will be very expensive, but more dynasty ccentric, you know, less focused on um the uh long-term value of things or more focused on the long-term value of things. I think James Cook is a nice buy candidate right now because you can probably get him for like the 104, 105, 106 in those types of leagues, whereas

in more competitive reddraft kind of leagues, you're probably going to have to pay upwards of the 102, 103. So, depending on James Cook's price, he in my opinion is a pretty good buy. He is 26 and a half years old. He projects probably for another two years of top eight running back production tethered to the Buffalo Bills offense. Very safe projection. I don't expect them to add to the running back position in free agency or in the draft going forward. So, James Cook definitely a guy that I'm willing to buy in on. Bucky Irving very, very price dependent because I have him as my RB1 13 right now. He is RB 16 on the open market, RB1 in Danny's rankings. So, I think he is going to be a guy that is all over the map. It really depends on what you think of the Kenneth Gainwell edition and Shawn Tucker resigning. Now, what I think as a Tampa Bay Buccaneers fan and somebody who is generally a little pessimistic on Bucky Irving is Bucky Irving is probably going to be in a role that is about a 55

to 65% opportunity share. Is Kenneth Gainwell going to factor in in the red zone? Is Kenneth Gainwell going to factor in on third down? Yes, absolutely. Could Shawn Tucker factor in in the red zone? He, I believe, led the team in rushing touchdowns last year. That is absolutely possible. But I do ultimately think a healthy Bucky Irving is the starting running back of this team. And if you can get him at a nice discount right now because people are panicked about his value and you can sell the 111 or the 109 or the 110 or something for him in this year's rookie class, I'm willing to buy him. But if people are like, "Yeah, I'd have to give up, you know, Buck. If I'm selling Bucky Irving, I want the 105 or I want a midfirst next year." No way. I would I would only pay a late first next year or a mid to late first this year, 107 plus in this year's class. So Bucky Irving very price dependent, but definitely an interesting buy. He's only 23 and a half years old. There's running backs in this

class that are older than him. So, uh, he is still, you know, very, very young and we've already seen him be very productive when opportunities have come his way. Kairen Williams is 25 and a half years old, which is pretty crazy to me given how productive he has been on RB1 in three straight seasons. Now, I think a lot of people are worried about Blake Cororm and I think it's a pretty overrated concern in my opinion. Everybody goes, "Oh, Blake Cororm is going to like take over the backfield at some point." Well, Blake Cororm does everything Kyron Williams does, only slightly worse. So, why the hell would they give the workload to Blake Cororm all of a sudden? I just don't see that happening. Kairen Williams has been an RB1 finisher in three straight seasons and is not even 26 years old yet and plays for an offense that I would expect to be the highest scoring offense in football. So Kairen Williams to me, even if he's a 60 65% opportunity share guy, which he was most of the back half of

last season, when you look at his actual workload here, his snap share starting in like week 10 against San Francisco started to decline a little bit. But guess what? How many RB1 finishes, RB2 finishes did he have down the stretch? Even though Blake Cororm is eating into his workload, it doesn't really matter in my opinion. Blake Cororm is the handcuff to Kairen Williams and I believe that is mostly what he is. So, I am all in on Kairen as a bounceback candidate as far Well, bounce back. I say he was really good last year, but people think he's a bounceback candidate because Blake Cororm is still involved there. And again, Kairen Williams, you're on the board at 111. You have a competitive team. You go, okay, I lost in the championship last year. I need another running back. Do I take Jadarian Price or Jonah Coleman or whatever running back there or do I just bank an immediate RB1 finisher in Kairen Williams? I would just rather trade for Kairen Williams even though there is a

little bit of risk there that Blake Cororm could eat into his workload. But I am very confident that he won't. Uh as long as Blake Cororm or sorry, as long as Kairen Williams is healthy, I do think he is the starting running back. Moving in to DeAndre Swift, a pretty cheap boow candidate for those of you guys that need some running back depth for your contending teams or a flex option. Um DeAndre Swift, this surprised me. He's actually below uh Kyle Manengi in Dynasty running back rankings, which I don't really understand cuz DeAndre Swift is still the starting running back of this team. When healthy, he was the starting running back of this team last year. You look at his career finishes, he has never in his career finished below RB 24 in fantasy points per game. He has been a RB2 or better in every single season of his entire NFL career. And he actually did have a nice resurgence from a yards per carry standpoint. 4.9 yards per carry last year. Definitely a big-time efficiency

bounce back. So, if you can send a mid-second round pick for DeAndre Swift right now on a competitive team where you're looking for running back production, I'm absolutely comfortable doing that. Little bit of a riskier buy. I've talked about him already, so I'll go short with this. Tyler Algier signs to the Arizona Cardinals in free agency. He is, in my opinion, the healthiest and best running back in the backfield. So, I do expect a possible finish in the regard of like a prime James Connor with Arizona or like what David Montgomery was giving you with his Chicago days and early in Detroit. I think that Tyler Algier can absolutely be a 10,000 yard rusher like he was his rookie season again and also put up eight to 10 touchdowns on a team that I do think has weapons, could be improved, whether it's Jacobe Brassette starting the whole year or whether they're the team that takes the swing on Tai Simpson or something like that. I think that Tyler Algier could end up being a very very cheap uh

lower-end cheap, you know, mid-second round pick. You send away for him. He's your RB4 on your team. He's your second flex, whatever. And he could end up really paying off that value. um his you know current ADP um over on underdog and best drafts is like a you know a dead zone running back. So you're getting a guy who actually projects for a decent workload in the range where you know you'd be if you were picking a running back at 204 205 206 you're probably talking about like Mike Washington with late third round capital which I would just rather have Tyler Algier at that point. Uh JK Dobbins I'm glad to say that we had him as a hard buy in the January version of this video because he's still a soft buy. I mean he's valued right now as RB34 on keep trade cut. I have him RB27. He in my opinion is the starting running back of this team over RJ Harvey because when healthy last year that's exactly what he was. Now JK Dobbins hasn't been able to stay

healthy but it was a flukeish hip drop tackle. So I'm not going to hold that one too much against him. I love the team that they're building in Denver. Man, they have Jaylen Wadd now. They have Courtland Sutton. They have Boone Knicks going into his third NFL season. I think this offense is going to score points. I think this offense is going to score touchdowns. And JK Dobbins last year was a top five running back in rush yards over expected, while his counterpart R.J. Harvey was a bottom five running back in rush yards over expected. Despite both of them running behind the same offensive line with the same quarterback with the same situation, JK Dobbins in back-to-back seasons has averaged 4.6 yards per carry and five yards per carry. And in fantasy points per game, RB18 in 2024 with the Chargers went healthy this year. He was higher than RB27, but finishes RB 27 in points per game for the Denver Broncos. So Dobbins definitely a guy again, cheap running back, low-end second round pick

that you want to send away for him. Definitely a viable thing. This one a lot more risky. Jonathan Brooks of the Carolina Panthers of course very limited action in his NFL career so far. The timeline was torn ACL his final year at Texas. Comes into the NFL in November, tears his ACL again, the same ACL. So we're looking at a guy in Jonathan Brooks with two ACL tears under his belt, but he missed the entire season last year, recovered fully. He is expected to be ready. He's checking boxes for OTAAS, for mini camps, for training camps, and so on. Jonathan Brooks is 22.7 years old despite all that's gone wrong for him in his NFL career. He is younger than Jonah Coleman. He was born the same year as most of the running backs in this class, Jadarian Price, EMTT Johnson, etc. So, I am willing to take the swing on Jonathan Brooks. If the price is a late second round pick, if somebody wants more than that for him, then I'm not willing to take the the plunge on him. But if you can get him for a late second round pick

or cheaper maybe in the third round then Jonathan Brooks is absolutely worth the swing in my opinion. Another couple guys just quickly that I like Aaron Jones in my opinion still the running back that you want in Minnesota. I think a lot of people would prefer Jordan Mason. I am on the Aaron Jones side of things because when healthy Aaron Jones was the starting running back for the team even though it was more of a 50-50 split. My one concern would be that Aaron Jones and Jordan Mason are replaced by somebody in the draft whether it's a Jajarian Price or somebody like that. Um, however, Aaron Jones is so effing cheap that you can get him for basically nothing right now. Tack him on to the end of the deal. Get him for a mid to late projected third round pick or something. That is kind of what I'd be willing to pay for him. And then the perpetual guy that's always in this video is DJ Giddens. Um, just because I think DJ Giddens was a raw prospect and Jonathan Taylor has a lot of touches

under his belt. Maybe we see DJ Giddens carve out the handcuff role this year. Very low-end player, but I mean, 22.6 years old, he's basically the same age as a lot of running backs in this year's class. had he gone back to school for another year and been in this class, we're probably talking about a guy who was a top three to five running back in it. So DJ Giddens, even though he was really raw, even though he didn't really see the field last year, I do think that he has ability and he needed a year to learn the ropes behind a veteran like JT. So, uh, moving into the running back cell candidates, I'll try and speed this one up. As always, we usually go deeper on the running backs and the wide receivers than we do on the other positions. Jonathan Taylor, the only reason I view him as a cell is because in his career, he just has so so much volume under his belt. you could see back-to-back seasons of 300 plus carries and he also had a number of other seasons uh crossing 230 plus carries and

we go back to his college profile. He has so much volume under there. Um Jonathan Taylor had everything break right for him last year. And you guys know me, I was all over Indianapolis. I was drafting Daniel Jones. I was drafting Tyler Warren. I was drafting all the guys. Alec Pierce Leighton best baseball drafts. I was all over this Colts offense breaking out last year. However, this year with DJ coming off of a torn Achilles, Michael Pitman, who's a very crucial um you know, chain mover for this offense now in Pittsburgh, I don't love the projection for Jonathan Taylor. If Jonathan Taylor does not play ungodly like he did last year, I'm worried about his goal line opportunities, his red zone opportunities, and he needs that because he's not an exceptional receiving back, although we did see a big uptick with 46 receptions for him last year. If any of that stuff changes, we could be talking about JT having more of like a backend RB1 season, which is still great, still

fine, but you're not feeling as good about him as a dynasty asset unless he's giving you that like top five production like he was giving you last year because, you know, nobody was super super excited about Jonathan Taylor in 2024 prior to him finishing the season strong and in 2023. So, that would be my worry is that he kind of regresses down to the 2023 2024 version of Jonathan Taylor versus the 2025 version of Jonathan Taylor, which was an absolute man amongst boys. So, uh, that's my one concern with JT. If you are a competitive team, I would consider pivoting if you just want to hold them. Obviously, I understand why. Um, Trevian Henderson, we now have, what is it, five years of a sample size that Trevon Henderson cannot command a full workload. So, as much as everybody will do the thing, secondyear running back, maybe he commands a bigger workload. Raandre Stevenson's still there, guys. Raandre Stevenson is a big back who can command a workload. And Mike Vrabel has

already shown trust in Raandre Stevenson despite maybe not earning that trust. He was fumbling a lot last year. and so on. I think that Trevian Henderson and Raandre Stevenson will stay relatively similar to the committee that they had this year. And in that case, Trevon Henderson needs a Raandre Stevenson injury to become what we saw from him, you know, weeks 9 through 15 when Raandre was banged up. So, Trevian Henderson, great player. I do think that given his Ohio State history of not being able to stay healthy and not commanding a huge workload and all that kind of stuff and what we've seen from him so far in the NFL, it would be somewhat foolish in my opinion to expect him to be a 300 plus touch running back next year. And I think without that upside, I don't want to rank him as a top 10 dynasty running back. I have him as RB15 in my dynasty rankings, but he is going off the board as RB10 in terms of his keep trade cut value right now. So, I worry a little bit about Trevion.

If you can pivot him into somebody with a better workload like a Bree Hall or something like that, I personally would be willing to do that. But I understand why people are excited about him given the offense and the team he plays for. Charbanet really highly valued probably because Kenneth Walker walked in free agency, but he is coming off an ACL tear. He's a free agent after this year and there's a lot of smoke around Seattle being the the team that takes the Jarian Price at at 32 or takes Jadarian Price at 64 or whatever the case is. So, I think they're going to address the running back position in the draft with a top three round pick and that is going to hurt Zack Charbanet's value. So, pretty straightforward there. Kyle Manengi I kind of already made reference to. I just don't think he's as good as DeAndre Swift. He's 23 years old, which is good, but I do think he's going to be more of like a backup, more of like an Alexander Madison type of career arc. Uh um career arc. I don't

think he's going to ever be the starting running back of this team because I think if Swift were to move on, they would draft another guy. So, I think you're kind of just drafting like a handcuff with high-end upside if if the starter goes down, which is great, but that's not RB26 or whatever he is in Dynasty running back rankings right now. So, I would sell high on him if you can. Woody Mars, for some reason, is still a top 36 running back. No idea why. David Montgomery is going to be the starting running back there. They could also address the running back position more in the draft. And Jakori Crosky Merritt, like I said, Rashad White and him are not that far apart in age uh for a guy who was a rookie last year. And Rashad White is only two years older than him despite being in the NFL for like five years now. And Rashad White has an RB1 season under his belt. And Jakori Kroski Meritt, if he was going to break out, he would have done it last year cuz Chris Rodriguez and those guys were not good

enough competition for him to not break out. So in my opinion, he's probably just not that good. And I would probably move off of him. So moving into the wide receiver position, there's a little bit less to talk about at the other positions. Running backs is very challenging to go through because the running back class is not very good. So, there's going to be value to be had on the veteran running backs, which is why I talked about like Saquon Barkley and Kiren Williams, Chase Brown, those type of guys. Um, but the wide receiver position, there's a lot more landmines to be had in the NFL draft because we have 8, 10, 15 wide receivers that can contribute to an offense. So, it's a little bit sketchier to buy wide receivers at this point in time. I'm going to speed through some of the guys that I've already talked about because I did do this video back in January and some of the guys are repeats. Travis Hunter being one of those. I get the concerns that people have. I talk about

Travis Hunter all the time, why I believe he is a better receiver than he is a better corner. And I think that ultimately you trust the talent of a player who is the second pick in the draft. And had he just been a wide receiver, still would have been a top five pick in the 2025 NFL draft. Travis Hunter is an absolute dog, fellas. If you want a longer argument for him, go back to the January version of this video. But the fact that he is a wide receiver 40 plus in some wide receiver rankings out there is just malpractice, man. I would be willing to send the 107 108 for him this year, but you will not have to send that. You could probably get away with an early second round pick in a lot of leagues, maybe even less in a lot of leagues that people are worried about him. Um, this one surprised me a little bit. Devonte Adams, wide receiver, 44 on keep trade cut. We're talking about the same guy that when healthy last year was a top 12 wide receiver in points per game, who in the last 10 years straight has not finished

worse than wide receiver 12 in points per game. I don't think Devonte Adams Adams fell off at all last year. And when you look at the fact that he led, would he lead all wide receivers last year in receiving touchdowns? Like absolutely insane. 14 receiving touchdowns in 14 games. Devonte Adams has not lost a step. I think people are a little bit concerned about him because there was rumors that they could trade him. There's rumors that they could take a receiver at at 13, the Rams. I just am not worried about Devonte Adams whatsoever. Even if they do take a Mai Lemon or Jordan Tyson or something, Devonte Adams will be valued at wide receiver 44. then if that happens and he's being valued there now in case it doesn't happen. I have my wide receiver 28 because I do think the Rams are going to opt to go in a different direction at that pick. So I am very comfortable trading for Devonte Adams with a late first round pick but you won't have to pay that based on his price. He should

be able to get him for an early second. Uh Terry McLaren pretty straightforward. I think Jaden Daniels bounces back and I think Terry McLaren bounces back as a result of that. But I do expect them to add wide receiver help somewhere. Maybe it's at seven, maybe it's in the second round. We don't exactly know. But if they do add a Carnell Tate or something very similar to what I just said with Adams, he's being valued in like the mid30s right now. Even if they added a Carnell Tate type of wide receiver or a Mai Lemon type of wide receiver, that's where McLaren would go after that happens. And right now, I think there's some value to be had if they don't address the wide receiver position with significant capital. I'm sure they will on day two or early on day three somewhere. But if they don't take a receiver at seven, that is going to bode well for Terry McLaren and his value. Um, couple other guys that I can quick just rattle off. Quinton Johnson's been

really productive the last couple of years. Um he finished as wide receiver 28 in points per game. And yet he's being valued in the midi the early 50s of dynasty wide receiver rankings despite not being 25 years old yet. And Mike McDaniel coming in who I think will can scheme the offense open and scheme him open very very well. So I'm quite excited about the Quinton Johnston uh renaissance here with Mike McDaniel coming in. So he's a guy that I'm excited about. And then both the the former Buccaneer Mike Evans. I'm a little worried about the substation. Like I can't lie. Uh Mike Evans has got, you know, brisket hamstrings at this point in his career. But assuming he can stay healthy, I don't see why he's not going to get back to finishing with a thousand plus yards and 8 to 10 touchdowns in this offense because Brock Pury and the 49ers, they're a well schemed offense. Mike Evans has not had it easy in his career when it comes to having to win on his routes to get the

ball. He has not really experienced what it's like to be schemed open outside of the 2024 season with Liam Cohen, which ironically was his best season since 2019. So, I wouldn't be shocked if Mike Evans has like a career resurgence this year, has, you know, 1300 yards and 10 touchdowns. Wouldn't shock me one bit. And at the price you're getting him right now, early to mid-second round price tag, that is absolutely worth it to any contender out there. Why are you going to spend the 203 on Zachariah Branch with second round capital on a competitive team when you could just take Mike Evans and put him in your flex immediately each and every week? Same goes with Chris Godwin. with no Mike Evans there. The last time we saw Godwin fully healthy, he was the wide receiver, two in points per game. Do I think he's going to get back to that? Probably not, because that required Liam Cohen scheming things up and it was also only a sevename sample size. But I think Baker Mayfield's going to play better

than he did last year. Uh towards the end, he was banged up. The offensive line had so many shuffling injuries. The receiver core was so injured. I just think ultimately Chris Godwin is a bounceback candidate to at least be like, you know, a DK Metaf Courtland Sutton level reddraft asset uh from last year where you're getting like wide receiver 2 type of production. And I think you're getting a nice discount price-wise where you can probably get him for a mid-second round rookie pick at this point in time. Uh moving into the soft buys, again, these are more like team dependent, league dependent. CD Lamb, Garrett Wilson, Brian Thomas Jr., and Zay Flowers I will not talk about in depth for time purposes because I did talk about them in January. So, if you want a more in-depth case on CD Lamb, Garrett Wilson, Zay Flowers, and Brian Thomas Jr., go check out that video. Lamb basically just people are overreacting to George Pickins's season. Garrett Wilson, he's still very young,

still very talented. Brian Thomas, I think he's going to bounce back. I think that Jacksonville will keep him and he will be a part of that offense long term. And then Zay Flowers, he produced at a very high level last year and nobody seems to give him credit for it. Even though Lamar Jackson played like [ __ ] half the year. So, Zay Flowers definitely took a step as a player, but it's not being reflected in the dynasty wide receiver landscape. Like I have him at 20 right now. Danny has him at 19 and he's going like wide receiver 30 in dynasty which I just really don't understand as a 25-year-old receiver tethered to Lamar Jackson who should play better this year. Marvin Harrison Jr. is a contentious topic to say the least. I think everybody has an opinion on Marvin Harrison Jr. You either hate him as a he's overrated, he's wide receiver 42 and wide receiver 45 and backto-back seasons and points per game or you love him and you think he's still that same Marvin Harrison Jr. from Ohio

State and everything that happened was just unlucky. Now, I lean towards the former. I think that more or less he's been unlucky in his career. In 2025, when Jacobe Brassette took over the starting job against the Dallas Cowboys, we saw him pop off two straight games of wide receiver 2 production. He then gets appendicitis, misses two games, comes back for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers game, out targets Michael Wilson, who had been on a tear prior to that point, and then basically is shut down for the rest of the season. Now, I think we live in a parallel universe in which the season Michael Wilson had at the end of the year is Marvin Harrison's produ uh production. And again, I know we can't do that because you got to go out and produce and all that kind of stuff, but we did see it in glimpses when Harrison was out there with Brassette. So, Marvin Harrison Jr. to me is much more likely to reestablish himself as a wide receiver one in Dynasty, maybe even a top five to 10 wide receiver in Dynasty,

than he is to fall by the wayside and continue this perilous production that he's put up so far. So for me, the old school year three wide receiver breakout, Marvin Harrison Jr. with Jacobe Brassette, maybe a Tai Simpson in the back burner if the Cardinals end up drafting him. To me, it's coming. I am in on Marvin Harrison Jr. He is my highest exposed dynasty wide receiver across all of my portfolio. I have I'm in 15 or 16 leagues. I have him in seven of them because I've traded for him in a couple and I just drafted him in our most recent startup because I do believe in a Marvin Harrison bounceback. You can call me stupid all you want in the comments, but that is the stance that I am taking because I do still believe in the prospect that I scouted at Ohio State. And I've seen enough glimpses in the NFL to say that a year three breakout could be coming from Marvin because he was a technical route runner that needed to learn the NFL and it was going to take him a little longer than

these freakish athlete Malik Neighbors types in his own class. So AJ Brown, a lot of uncertainty with him right now. He is wide receiver 30 in dynasty right now despite being as productive as he's been over the last four years. has never finished worse than wide receiver 13 in points per game. I think it's just a matter of the uncertainty risk that people are worried about with him. So, I am willing to buy in on it whether he stays on Philadelphia or inevitably, which I think will happen, the New England Patriots will send their 2027 first away from him after the NFL draft for AJ Brown and that's what's going to end up happening or maybe they end they get a third back or something. I think he ultimately will be a New England Patriot by week one. So, that is why I'm buying in on AJ Brown for part of that. And also even if he stays on Philadelphia, I think we're just getting a little bit of an uncertainty risk discount right now. Um, moving into a guy that is a little bit questionable as

well. Xavier Worthy, another one of these dudes that I think like Marvin Harrison Jr. maybe we're just looking at from a frame of mind of man, how unlucky did this guy get? A lot of fantasy doctors, a lot of fantasy doctors suggested that Xavier Worthy should be done for the season after that week one game against Los Angeles when he suffered that shoulder injury. I believe it affected him the entire year. Now, there was moments where he produced pretty well, Baltimore, etc. Generally, it was a pretty bad season for Xavier. There's not much to point to to say, "Oh, great receiver. He's going to bounce back." He's still 22.9 years old, which is the same age as Elijah Serat, who's in this receiver class. He's a very young player. He was very young coming out of Texas. And Xavier Worthy to me is a guy that is one of those players that was going to need a couple of years anyway. and the fact that the injury did derail him from what we saw at the end of 2024 and into the playoffs

which was a very very strong stretch culminating in the excellent uh basically game that he had in the Super Bowl. And also you guys can now see the prospect model when you guys click on this on the site as well. You can see all this like spider chart information directly from the prospect model which is really cool. But again, I believed in Xavier Worthy the prospect. I believe in Patrick Mahomes and the offense that they have there. Could they add a receiver in the draft? Absolutely. It wouldn't shock me one bit if they took one at nine. But I also do think that Xavier Worthy is kind of agnostic of whatever addition they make because I think the addition that they make is an indictment on Rasheed Rice, not Xavier Worthy, because the receiver that they take is probably going to be more like their alpha number one target earner, whereas Worthy was always going to be their long-term number two anyways. So, I don't I don't think that they were ever going to go into it's like Rice

walks in free agency and we make Xavier Worthy our number one. I don't think that was ever going to happen. And I never really baked that into his price and I don't think that anybody else baked that into his price either except for that short period of time at the beginning of the season when Rashi Rice was going to be suspended. Did we actually factor that in. So Xavier Worthy again one of those guys I'm willing to bet on the bounceback for a mid-second round price tag. If you got to pay more than that I probably wouldn't. But if you if you told me right now Zachariah Branch goes 203 in in rookie drafts in consensus. Would I rather have Zachariah Branch let's say he goes to like the Saints or something like that at 203 in the early second round of the NFL draft? Would I rather have Branch or Worthy? I would rather have worthy. So, that's kind of where I'm at with it. This class is not excellent. So, sending away an early to mid-second for Xavier Worthy is not

really that bad considering what an early to mid-second in this class actually means. Um, Courtland Sutton I think is a nice boow candidate for contenders right now for mid twos because Jaylen Wadd just got traded there. So, people are worried about Sutton. And again, I think that he works agnostic of of Wadd's role. Waddle is going to be the number one receiver there. Now, in my opinion, he is a better receiver than Courtland Sutton, but Courtland Sutton's the red zone guy. And it wouldn't shock me if Courtland Sutton on less targets than we're normally seeing him get still puts up, you know, seven, eight, nine, 10 touchdowns like we've seen from him in the last three seasons. So, I like Courtland Sutton to still be a touchdown monster. And I do think that comes with some value at the wide receiver position for competitive teams. Perpetual always in this video every single year. You guys know the drill. Josh Downs, we have to talk about him at some point. It is by law an obligation that we do. I am at

wide receiver 39 in my dynasty rankings because now without Michael Pitman there, I do believe we're going to see an uptick in his uh receiving uh routes from two wide receiver sets. Whereas prior to this year, he was a slot receiver. And this year, his down season, in my opinion, can be majorly attributed to the fact that they took Tyler Warren in the first round of the NFL draft and Tyler Warren played over 50% of his snaps from the slot. So, they went to a little bit more heavy personnel. But, I think 24-year-old Josh DS can handle playing on the outside. I know he's small. I understand that, but he routinely outperforms what people think of him in terms of his like reception perception data and all that kind of stuff. So, for me, I think Josh Downs is due for a bounceback season. And I do like him as a early to midsec round pick is what I would be willing to pay for him, but I think that you won't have to pay even a mid-second round. You probably get him for a late second round

pick at this point. So, again, price price situ uh price sensitive, sorry. I would say that Josh DS is more of like a mid to late second round price tag. If you guys are a little skeptical on him, but I am very in on the guy. He's been in like pretty much every Dynasty trade targets video I've ever done. Moving into some of the sells that I have here, I think that Wale is kind of a sell high at this point. Not because he's not going to be productive in Tennessee. It's just that the market values him now more as like a top 35 dynasty wide receiver after coming off of a really great season where he was wide receiver 19 in points per game. But prior to that, he was wide receiver 44, wide receiver 52, and wide receiver 53. Cam Ward, as good as he is, I actually think he's slightly worse than Jackson Dart. And also too, Wandell Robinson has more target competition in Tennessee than he had last year when Malik Neighbors went down in New York. I think that Calvin Ridley is going to be there. Alec Manor

and Shamir DK could affect Wandell's slot production. And it's not out of the range of outcomes that they draft another receiver. I think it's possible they take one at four. Maybe they trade down and take one. Maybe they take one at 30 uh 34 or wherever they pick in the second round. I think it's very possible that um they're in the market for another receiver. So Well Robinson to me, top 35 receiver. I know the money was there. I know he's a good, you know, scheme fit for Brian Dable. I just don't see the wide receiver 19 production coming this year with Cam Ward. If it does happen, I would be really shocked about it. But I have him at wide receiver like 40. Um, just because I think that you got to bake in a little bit that he was in he ran pretty pure last year. Romeo Dobs, um, right now he's the number one on the Patriots, but like I just said about AJ Brown, I don't think that's going to continue. So, as much as I like Romeo Dobs, he's never

finished better than wide receiver, 44 in points per game. So, it's not like he's been playing on a bad team with, you know, no targets available. Like, the the Packers have been a wideopen receiving CP for years. And Romeo's consistently been 10 PPR points per game, which has been fine if you took him in like the 15th round of best baseball or whatever, but it's not been fine if you're calling him a wide rece like a top 38 wide receiver, top 35 wide receiver like he is on keep trade cut, which I just don't I don't buy personally. So, Romeo Dobs definitely a guy that I'd be selling high on after the big contract. Matthew Golden, I've talked about it already. I just don't like what I saw from him as a rookie because when you look at his prospect model stuff, he was not a high value prospect to begin with. He was going to be a risky proposition. 1.85 career yards per run. Like look at the percentiles there. Like those are not good numbers. He was not a good

prospect. He was taken in the first round based off of his film, which I liked as well. But you did have to factor in that if a player like this where we have preconceived notions in the dynasty community has a bad rookie season, it is more likely that he is Xavier Legette than it is that he is Jameson Williams. If if you want to say, hey, J Mo had a bad rookie season and he bounced back. Well, he was also suspended and he coming off a torn ACL. It's a little bit of a different situation in my opinion. Matthew Golden uh to me is a guy that I would be selling high on the or selling low I guess on the fact that he face planted pretty hard. I would sell him as a face planner. I think that Christian Watson, Tucker Craft, and Jaden Reed are all better pass catchers, target earners, commanders than he is. And I think ultimately he will end up being a role player in his NFL career. I do not think he'll end up being a volume number one or number two receiver at any point based on the prospect he was and now the

rookie season data that we have, unfortunately. Um, I know Packers fans are always mad about this, but I just I don't I don't see it. I I think he can be a contributor for your real life team. I just for fantasy, I don't see him ever putting up a thousand yards and eight touchdowns, personally. So, um, Parker Washington, another guy that people are excited about because of what he did down the stretch. Um, I believe like Michael Wilson to some degree that it was a little fluky the production without Travis Hunter out there. Like again, this is the this is going to be the question of the offseason because everybody's got an opinion on Travis Hunter. Everybody's got an opinion on on Jacobe Myers and Parker Washington and Brian Thomas Jr. In my opinion, Travis Hunter's role was the role that Jacobe Meyers and Parker Washington were playing. I think that Hunter plays that role better than those guys. And ultimately when they get to camp, they can say all they want about how they

want him to play corner and all this stuff. When you get in camp and Hunter is your best offensive player, you're gonna put him on the field. That's just my opinion. So Parker Washington will then fall off the field as a result of that, which is why I think he's a sell high. The market has him like wide receiver 36 in dynasty. I just I don't see that. Maybe you're expecting him to have another good season and move on in free agency. I just think that he is probably going to be the fourth receiver on this team and ultimately um we're going to go back or look back on this moment and be like we probably should have been selling high on Parker Washington who prior to the last six eight games of last year wasn't really productive in his NFL career and wasn't really worth much of anything on the open market. So, um let's pivot into the quarterback position. I'll I'll go really fast with these ones because I don't usually need to talk too in depth.

Uh Brock Pery, I have him at quarterback 10. I don't know why he's quarterback like 14 on the open market right now because he just got Mike Evans added to his his situation. He just had a career best 19.71 PPR points per game finish. Quarterback seven. And again, KD's still there. He's coming off an injury, but he's still there. Um McAffrey is still there. Pierall should be healthier. And Mike Evans is an upgrade to Jawan Jennings. So, if he did that last year with all the injuries that the 49ers had and they probably will have forever, um Brock Pury to me is just a much better quarterback and he's also only 26 years old. So, I just I view him as a a really solid, you know, QB2 asset or QB1 anchor if you're going lighter at the quarterback position. Um so, Pertie to me very very good low at this point in time. Uh Jordan Love, one of my favorite buy lows in all of Dynasty at quarterback because I view him in the tier with Trevor Lawrence, Jackson Dart, Bo Knicks, Brock Perie, even those type

of guys and the market views him closer to Dak Prescott and Baker Mayfield and Jared Goff. And while I like Dak Prescott and Baker Mayfield and Jared Goff, I just think that Jordan Love because he's a couple years younger than those guys and because we've seen the high-end production with him in 2023 where he was QB6 in points per game and now Craft should be back healthy. You have Golden in his second year who can contribute. you have um you have Jane Reed coming back healthy who missed basically the entire season and Christian Watson missed half the season last year if if their receiver core can stay a little healthier. I think that Jordan Love can have a much better season. And two, we saw um that 2023 season he got back to that rushing production. It's not much, but it's a little bit of a rushing floor. So I I don't mind Jordan Love at all as like like I said kind of in that tier with Trevor Lawrence and Jackson Dart and Bo Knicks and those guys. Um these ones are

pretty straightforward. Dak Prescott, Jared Goff, if you're a competitive team, they are great quarterback buys because they only fit a certain number of teams in your league because both quarterbacks are 33 years old and 32 years old, respectively, um, come the NFL season. So, if you need quarterback production and you fade it in your startup draft or whatever, Dak Prescott and Jared Goff are easy fallback options for you. Very straightforward. I think both of them project very well this year. Good offenses, good weapons, etc. Kyler Murray, I'm soft buying him because I think ultimately this is the best situation he's ever been in. uh Minnesota with Jordan Addison, TJ Hawinson, Justin Jefferson, of course, maybe they add a running back to the team. It's a pretty good offensive line. Kevin Oonnell is a way better coach than he's ever been with. I think ultimately Kyler Murray when healthy um and he wasn't healthy last year, has been a quarterback won every season of his

entire career. So, um from a fantasy production standpoint, uh you he's a volatile QB2 to have on a competitive team, but if he hits, he'll resign with Minnesota and then suddenly he's back to a top 10 dynasty quarterback or top 12 or 15 dynasty quarterback. So, Kyler Murray to me is worth buying into. Similar to what I said with Toutin, it's like you have to kind of take a stance on Tutin. Are you selling high or are you buying low? And to me, Kyler Murray's about the same type of situation. So, I'm going to be buying on him. Matthew Stafford, very similar to what I said with Dak Prescott, Jared Goff. If you want to fade a quarterback entirely on a competitive team, you can just take Matthew Stafford late and know that he's going to give you great production or you can trade for him on a competitive team. So, pretty straightforward there. Guys that I'm softelling at the quarterback position. Now, this one's a little bit of a complex conversation. Lamar Jackson in

his career has been absolutely monstrous. Right? Look at 2024 through 2019. Quarterback nine or better in every season of his career. But as every Lamar Jackson manager can tell you, last year, myself included in the Flock League. You guys got to see my reaction to Lamar Jackson on a weekly and daily basis. Lamar Jackson, in my opinion, is one more bad injury riddled year away from losing a lot of market value. that it's more of a value standpoint that I'm worried about Lamar Jackson because ultimately if he's healthy I don't think he's not going to produce like a top five quarterback because he's Lamar freaking Jackson. But this is also around the age that Cam Newton started to fall off who was a similar archetype rushing quarterback. And that's the thing I'm a little worried about because Lamar dealt with injuries this year, dealt with injuries in 2022 and 2021. That's three of the last five years. So, if he does it again and he misses five more games or whatever the case is, we

could be looking at a situation where the market sour on Lamar Jackson and he's more of a two-3 turn pick or more of a third round pick than he is right now. And I think he's at risk of losing some value even though he's already lost some. It it seems like a no-brainer to just scoop Lamar Jackson at the end of the first round of all the startup drafts that you do. But to me, I think he is very similar to like what we saw with Jaylen Herz last year where he could lose more value. And that's kind of my worry for Lamar Jackson, especially if he deals with more injuries. So that's again league dependent. If you can get Lamar Jackson name value trade for him, uh pivot into Caleb Williams or Jaden Daniels and Burrow is the same age and also has injury concerns, but Burrow is not a rushing quarterback. So that's kind of the difference between the two of them there. If you could tear down from Lamar into Justin Herbert plus into Brock Py plus into Trevor Lawrence plus, those

type of guys, I'd be willing to do it personally. Uh Jackson Dart, I do think is a slight sell high right now because we still don't know for sure if he's a great quarterback. We do know he was productive for fantasy. anytime he was on the field, you can see um taking out some of the games that he left early in. He was basically a QB1 in most of those games. He was extremely productive and that was without Malik Neighbors on the field. Juell Robinson basically the only receiver that he had. But Jackson Dart, we we have no idea if this guy is a super, you know, franchise quarterback or whatever. So, and him being valued as QB9 in in Dynasty right now ahead of like Justin Herbert and Patrick Mahomes or right around where they're going, that's just too much for me. It's all about where his price is. If he was not being priced that way, I wouldn't care, but that's where he's being priced right now. So, that worries me. And then Tyler Shuck, ultimately, this is a quarterback

who was a second round pick, who, yes, had a very nice rookie season, a surprising rookie season, but if he doesn't produce this year, they're going to be in the quarterback market next year. So, if you think the Saints are going to be a good team, then ignore everything I'm saying right now. But if you think the Saints are going to be somewhere between a five and seven win team, which is kind of what I view them to be, I'd be worried about Tyler Shuck's long-term job security given that he's going to be 27 years old by the end of this year. It's not like he's a super high ceiling quarterback. Tyler Shuck, I've called I've said he's closer to Davis Mills than he is to, you know, Jaylen Herz or Kirk Cousins or other mid-round quarterbacks that ended up starting for a long time. To me, that's why I see with Tyler Shuck. That's why I'm selling high on him. I know not everybody shares that opinion, so that's totally fine. I'll rapid fire the tight

ends here. Harold Fannon is one of my favorite buys right now just because similar to what I said with Saquon Barkley, if you want to pick Kenyon Sadi at 105 106, what you should do instead is just trade for Harold Fannon because you already know Harold Fannon can win in the NFL and he's the same age as Kenyon Sadi, 21.7 years old. They're both very, very young tight ends. Harold Fannon just played an entire rookie season in which he was a top 12 scoring fantasy tight end, a top eight scoring fantasy tight end with David and Jooku, a former Pro Bowler on the same field for a team that has a top five pick in the NFL draft or a top six pick in the NFL draft. And Harold Fannon is still very young and still has a lot of upside to me. So I think he's a cornerstone tight end in Dynasty and I'm willing to pay up as such. 106 107 is the price tag that I'd be willing to pay in superflex tight end premium. 2x tight end premiums I'd be willing to pay the 104 105 for the guy. So, that's where I'm at with

him. Um, Daltton Concincaid, there was a report that came out the other day about how he's going to have his snaps limited and I think it presents a buying window because Daltton Concade led all tight ends in yards for out run. Yes, he's not a full-time tight end and all this kind of [ __ ] that people talk about, but I think eventually he could be there. He could get there just with health. I think it's more of a health thing than it is a um can't block situation. So, I think Daltton Concaid definitely a guy that I'd be willing to buy low on. Dallas Goddard is perpetually a good buy because every single season he finishes as a tight end one. Literally every single season of his career, he's finished as a tight end one and people still undervalue him. So, I'll take Dallas GDart yet again on the Philadelphia Eagles with the situation we saw last year where they were designing touchdowns for him. He had 11 touchdowns last year. 11 in uh the like short passes, shovel passes. They're

going to keep doing stuff like that. So, for me, Dallas Goddard is an easy projection for 500 plus yards and eight plus touchdowns. And at the tight end position, it's sometimes pretty easy to punt tight end knowing that I can get Dallas Goddard later if I want to be a competitive team. Mason Taylor, kind of the young version where I I really liked Mason Taylor's tape at LSU and he's similarly to Fannon, he's like younger than every tight end in this class other than Kenyan Sadi. Like he's younger than Eli Stoers, he's younger than Max Claire, he's younger than all those guys. So, for me, Mason Taylor with a year under his belt, had some nice uh flashes, was able to command the full-time starting tight end role. I think he could take a big step this year, especially if Gino Smith can stabilize the offense at quarterback or maybe they bring in a Tai Simpson or something in the mid rounds. Uh I like Mason Taylor as a buy low because I think of the tight ends going around him

like in the 15 to 25 range, he's one of the only guys that can truly ascend to a top five tight end in Dynasty. And that's where I'm at with Mason Taylor. Kay Dton just a good bo low candidate for dynasty baseball especially because we know he's going to run all the routes. He just got paid as a starting tight end for the Bucks. I think it takes them out of the the reigns for like a Kenyan Sadi or whatever. I think people are a little baked if they're still mocking Kenyon Sadi to the Bucks. And then Pat Footh quietly could end up having a bigger role this year because Johnny Smith is gone. Arthur Smith is gone which we don't want him anymore. Um, it wouldn't shock me if Pat Ry gets back to being like Kate Uton where it's like a 75 80% route participation tight end who I think is a really good player when he gets opportunities. He just hasn't had many seasons where he's been the full-time guy. He has finished as a tight end one before. So, Fri again more

so a dynasty best baseball take. Um, if you need a deeper name at the tight end position, I think he's definitely going to give you some weeks some cells at the tight end position. AJ Barner and Elijah Aoyo both are sells to me because they will cannibalize each other. Both of them are young tight ends. Yes. They play for the Super Bowl champions. Yes, but AJ Barner and Elijah Royo in my opinion are just not exceptional target earners. Like they're not going to they're not going to be anywhere close to JSN's target share. I think you know the between Rasheed Shahed and Cooper Cup and some of the other guys the backfield that they have there. We're looking at whatever the starting tight end of the Seahawks gets as like a 15% target share. So could AJ Barner be decent depth piece in in Dynasty baseball? Sure. But he's like tight end 15 in Dynasty right now. He's as valuable as Mason Taylor according to the market. And that's just too valuable in my opinion to not sell high on. TJ

Hawinson, not a sell high, more of a sell low. I just worry that this guy's cooked, man. I worry that the ACL tear that he suffered is just completely zapped any explosiveness that he had left in the tank. A guy who was not an exceptional athlete to begin with. Yes, he had a high R score, but it's not like he ran a super fast 40 or anything. So DJ Hawinson, a guy that I would consider selling high on. And then Gunnar Helm I think people are excited about because Chiga Conqu. But I do expect the Titans to add a lot of pass catchers and they brought in Daniel Bellinger who could affect Gunnar Helm snap share even though he's just a blocking tight end. It wouldn't shock me if the route participation was down for Gunner Helm there. So uh that is the end of the video. Appreciate you guys for tuning in. Dynasty trade targets by position as I just went through our trade value chart with all this information. You can see for your specific league setting, superflex, one quarterback, etc. that is

live right now over on Flock Fantasy. Later this week or earlier this next week coming up, we will have the final edition, final pre-draft edition of our fantasy football draft guide for Dynasty Rookie Drafts. The Dynasty Wall Street Journal version 4 will have 50 plus total player breakdowns and 50 um player video breakdowns. Like we've gone through and spent dozens of hours, hundreds of hours at this point breaking down the film of these players. You can see on the top 25 prospects, me and Danny both breaking down their film. And then on 25 uh prospects after that, we individually split those up and break down their film. That is valuable information you guys can check out over on flockfantasy.com. Use the promo code FSE to get started and you get a free annual live team review when you sign up for an annual Motherflocker package. But with that being said, peace out. I'll talk to you soon.
