Here are our top 25 Superflex rookie rankings, breaking down all of the things that you guys need to know, especially if you have a lot of second round rookie picks. We've already done a top 12, so we're going to kind of speed through our top 12 because I largely they remain unchanged as far as the order and the players that we're talking about. Uh Danny, let's get it kicked off with the 101. Jeremiah Love, who everybody is, you know, enamored with comps, floor, median, ceiling, we're talking ETN, Genty, Bejian Robinson in the prospect model. He's explosive. He's an excellent receiver. He ran a 4-36 at the NFL scouting combine. Instincts, the tools that he has, the contact balance, he's the complete package. He's a generational prospect, the third best running back prospect in the prospect model since 2016. >> Yeah. And he's got the whole package there. My comp, Matt Forte, your comp, Todd Gurley. And he does have that top three, top five running back ceiling.

Cuz when you see Jeremiah Love, he tested even better than I thought he would. I thought, okay, you know, maybe, you know, a high 43, low 44. He was able to crack 436 at the combine. So obviously that's a big plus if you're getting Matt Forte my comp with legitimate 436 breakaway speed. I think it's going to be ultimate. Not even just if but when he's a legitimate 250 carry 80 plus target per uh per year type of running back probably going to go some range. Maybe the Titans at four, the commanders at seven. It does seem like the teams picking at the back of the top 10. Do expect him to go in the top seven based off the free agency running back moves we kind of see, you know, transpire. >> Yep, for sure. Moving into the A tier, we have Mai Lemon, who uh just had his proday. We uh got some official numbers somewhere in the 448 to 453 range is what he ended up running. Speed wasn't his game. He's got hands. He's got zone coverage ability out the wazoo. Yards

after catch ability, great downfield production given his um given his profile. You wouldn't think he would have great downfield production, but he does. Bulldog toughness, but again, some slot projection unproven versus press. The floor median ceiling here on the comps of the model are Elijah Moore, Jackson Smith, and Jig Bassidi Lamb. My official comp, JSN, your official comp, uh, Amanra St. Brown. He is my wide receiver one, but he is your wide receiver, too. A guy that both of us feel confident taking in the top three. >> Yeah. And he's got that dog factor like you said. He fits the modern NFL, those, you know, yak power slot type of wide receivers. He is the next in line, man. You mentioned JSN, he had his breakout year. Monarch St. Brown, he's been a fantasy staple. Mai Lemon is my wide receiver too in the class, but you could very arguably make the case for him being number one. Some potential fits. I think the New Orleans Saints at number eight overall would be a match made in

heaven with Kell Moore. >> Absolutely. And then let's get to your wide receiver one, which is Carell Tate. Also, Ran, I would say a 40 that people are not enamored with. 452 at the combine, but floor-wise, we're talking Jaden Higgins, median T. Higgins, ceiling Drake London. He has dominant hands, one of the best contested catch rates you'll ever see from a college prospect. refined routes, smart, tough, good downfield usage despite not having like four-3 speed. Press man coverage releases are awesome. The only real worries that you have with Tate is that he's not an insanely good yards after catch threat. The production doesn't pop out to you if you're just box score scouting him, but you got to remember the context of him playing with achuka, playing with Marvin Harrison Jr., playing with Jeremiah Smith, who will be a top three pick in next year's NFL draft. Carnell Tate, watch the tape. That's that's all you got to say about this player. >> Watch the tape with Carnell Tape, man. I

think that's as simple as it can be. Carnell Tate. He fits the modern ex-wide receiver. And I do think you're not going to find a player more fluid out of his breaks than Carnell Tate. >> Yeah. And my comp form was George Pickins. Your comp form was Devonte Adams. Again, kind of more of like a median. He's George Pickins. Ceiling. He's Devonte Adams type of thing there. Let's talk about Fernando Mendoza, the perspective first overall pick in the NFL draft coming in. Fernando Mendoza probably going to be a Las Vegas Raider. He's listed as a foundational quarterback in the prospect model. So, you got a expected points per game of 17.2. two year one to four looking at like on a floor basis we're talking like a M Jones a median like a who just won the Super Bowl and then ceiling wise we're looking at Jared Goff although I have seen people say like maybe he could be like a Joe Burrow or a CJ Strad or something of that level he's accuracy the great ball placement he's decisive

he makes good decisions excellent pocket presence people rave about his leadership his intangibles all that kind of stuff and he's got a pretty solid arm I would say that there are worries to his game he's not the best at navigating pressure because he's not the most mobile guy in the world. He can give you a little bit of scramble drill appeal as a runner, but he's not going to be excellent for fantasy in that regard. And there was a couple of deep ball miscues, but again, we're picking on a player who ultimately will be the first pick in the draft. >> Yeah. Like are there concerns? Of course, if we expected, you know, could he hit the Drake May level ceiling, the Caleb Williams level ceiling, you can make the case that he's up with Jeremiah Love at that tier with the 101. But at the same time, I do think, you know, a top five to eight level fantasy quarterback, dynasty quarterback, a guy that I actually comped favorably to Dak Prescott, the intangibles, the

toughness, the willingness to go and get those dirty yards on third and long. We saw that in that game against Miami in the national championship. Fernando Mendoza, I think, is a worthwhile number one overall pick, and I do think Tom Brady and Clink Kubak are going to have their way with him. >> Yeah. No, absolutely. Let's talk about Jordan Tyson, who as we've documented on a few occasions now, um we are a little bit lower on the the ceiling highlight tape nature that Jordan Tyson's game is because you love the ability to beat man coverage. You love the athleticism that he hasn't shown yet, but I'm sure he will come uh Arizona State's Proday. Very strong production profile, deep separator, got really good size as well. Came in a little bigger than people were expecting. Um floor-wise, we're talking like a Rashad Baitman. That's kind of the comp that I went with cuz he did remind me a little bit of Rashad Baitman. median wise Jerry Judy on the ceiling end of things maybe in a mecha I

bua type I don't see Jamar Chase I don't see Malik Neighbors those guys yak yak instincts were way better the catch point ball tracking was way better just a sub 50% contested catch rate this year and of course the well doumented injury history with Jordan Tyson as well again just a slight mini tier behind Lemon and Tate just because of some of those concerns I feel like if those guys like Tate and Lemon have like B+ concerns uh Jordan Tyson's are like B minus concerns where You're just slightly more concerned about the floor of Jordan Tyson than you are with those other two. >> Yeah, because every every time you hear, you know, like you said, the highlight tape people that just watch the highlight team, you know, make him see him make people miss. Obviously, the fluidity in and out of his breaks, like he's a very good fundamental route runner, but he's more of, like you said, more of a highlight type of route runner than he is like Carnell Tate who's

always open 711. But Jordan Tyson on top of that, you mentioned the Yak metrics, only six missed tackles forced on 61 receptions and like you said, only a 43.8% 8% contested catch rate. I like Jordan Tyson, but if the narrative is going to be he's in contention for wide receiver one in the class, I will be lower on him than consensus. >> Yeah, he's also a senior versus the other two guys being early declares as well, which is another tiebreaker for for us because when you pull up the list of non early declare first round wide receivers, you do get some guys like, you know, 50 60% of the list not working out in the NFL when you talk about, you know, your Cory Davis's and and those types of players, even guys that are drafted maybe as high as Tyson projects to be drafted. Let's talk about Kenyan Sadi who's the tight end one for us in this class. Floor-wise, we're looking at like a Noah Fant. What could have been with him? Ceiling wise, we could be talking about the next David and Jooku,

Sam Leaporta type of asset. He is everything you dream of in a compact move tight end. The freakiest 40 time we've seen athleticism wise since Vernon Davis. Strong contested catch hands, fluid movement, absolute dominant yards after catch threat, and can make a lot of plays downfield. the weaknesses that you have with Sadi. And again, everything that needs to be said about Kenyan Sadique is needs to be contextualized with the fact that he's 21 years old, who played with Terrence Ferguson, a second round pick to the Rams, and who played with um Johnson, the uh tight end in next year's class. So, yeah, Jamari Johnson, the drops, good, not great numbers across the board. Like, his production profile doesn't scream out at you. He needs to add a little bit of uh route polish, a little bit of strength, maybe a little bit of point of attack blocking fundamentals. But again, this is a 21-year-old. It's It's not fair to compare him to 23-year-old Tyler Warren from last year.

>> Yeah. And the fun fact here, so I actually was more of a fan of his blocking, I do think he can play a lot more wide than maybe, you know, some of these move tight end prospects that have come up, is the fact that on the 446 designed running play, shut out the staff from Josh Norris, Kenyon Sadi was on the field for 332 of them. For reference, a guy like Eli Stoers, Vanderbilt has 307 designed runs, he was only on the field for 127. So, you do see that Oregon tried to use him in line, tried to use him on the line of scrimmage, trusted him as a run blocker, and on top of that career PFF run block rate of 68.7, a stat from Dwayne McFarland. I do think he's at least functional on the line of scrimmage, but it's not going to be his main role. Can he get there 30 to 40% of his reps and at least be passable when they play 11 personnel? That's all we really need from our tight end position. And that's why I value him as a top five, six player in this class. >> Yeah. No, absolutely. And a quick

reminder, by the way, this the third edition of our draft guide is now out, which means all the players we're going to talk about today have film breakdowns, breakdowns of us breaking down their film, whether it was a duo or a single video. And also too, they all have uh PDF profiles as you guys can see on the screen. Those will be updated throughout the entire process. We're going to have 50 60 total players by the end. And of course, if you guys do want to get that, you can head to flockfantasy.com, promo code FSE, start your 7-day free trial to get the draft guide there. So, moving into the next tier of guys, which is a larger cluster than the consensus top six that you and I both have, basically exactly identical, minus the two Lemon and Tate being swapped. Casey Conpsion is our Consensus 107. He is your 107. Uh, actually, he is my 108 actually. Um, slot Z versatility. He's a great route runner. Really good production profile. Really productive freshman year down sophomore year. Bounces back as a

junior. Good yards after catchability. The one issues you have with him is catch point strength. He had a couple of drops. I would say we we'll see what he ends up testing at Texas A&M's proday, but I'm curious to see how dominant of an athlete he actually is and also some of the catchoint strength and like just adding muscle in general. I did like him clearing that 190 threshold coming in at the combine a little bit heavier. I was worried he could come in lighter. And then when you talk about like floor median ceiling, we're looking at like a Sterling Shepard, Jordan Addison, Chris Ave comp, Emanuel Sanders yours. And there's a lot of offenses that could fit a guy like KC for sure. >> Yeah. him weighing in at 196 is going to be a big plus. I believe he was listed at 190. So >> 190 flat, yeah, is what he was listed at. >> So there were concerns like, oh, does he come in at 182? Does he come in at 183. So the fact that he checked the box in ter in terms of his weight is very

encouraging and that a guy that can line up in my opinion inside and out. You need him to be a vertical C, he can play that role. You need him to play your slot role, he can play that role. Great after after the catch type of player and a great separator. So really when it comes down for Casey Conpsion, does he go more so in the mid to late first round or is he more so an early second rounder? And I would actually lean on the former at this point. I do think a team in that, you know, 16 through 30 range is going to take their chance on Casey Conpion, especially considering where the wide receiver market is going right now in free agency. >> Yeah. No, absolutely. This this cluster of receivers especially is it, you know, landing spot, draft capital, a lot of that is going to determine. And by the way, this entire video is based kind of more so on our grades, how we feel about the prospect, uh less so on us projecting where they'll go. And like obviously when that actually happens,

we'll pivot our rankings within tiers and whatnot. But this is kind of giving you guys an idea and insight into exactly what we think of these prospects >> with some context. Obviously >> with some context like again Jonah Coleman is the next player we're going to talk about. Jonah Coleman is going to go at least one to two rounds after a lot of the players in this tier. >> Yeah. And and that's the reason why I have Coleman at 10. if he went top 40 overall pick to a team that really needs a bell cow running back. Let's just say hypothetically the Seahawks pulled the trigger at 32. They're like, "Ah, we missed out. We couldn't really match the Kenneth Walker offer. We bring in a guy that can handle some early season touches in Emanuel Wilson. We have a guy like Jonah Coleman that can take the full-fledged Belca role. If that's the instant, of course, I'll move him up to probably, you know, in that six, seven, eight range. But at this point, I'm kind

of more so expecting him to be an early third round pick." >> Yeah, exactly. But the profile is electric, man. We're talking about an RB1 upside prospect. Even with expected third round capital, if he goes in the second round, we're talking about a workhorse level prospect comparable to a Javvante Williams type. But floor median ceiling, we're talking Caleb Johnson, obviously a very low floor. Cam Scataboo and Alvin Chimera, the only other prospect in the model with a 75 plus% grade in the FSE grading cycle there, but not having first two round draft capital. So Jonah Coleman, regardless of his price, I'm going to be in on him. If he's a consensus 111, I'm going to have him 108 109. If he's the consensus 107, I'll probably have him 106. Like the contact balance, the receiving ability, the instincts, the elusiveness, the size, the pass protection, a complete profile where he was productive all four years of his career. The only issue, and we actually saw this yesterday as a

proday, didn't run a 40 because he's probably not very fast. He's going to probably run in the four sixes. If I I think it's a smart decision. If you're going to run 463, don't even run. Like Cam Scaboo learned that the hard way. >> Yeah. Unfortunately for Scataboo, putting a 465 on his record ended up getting him to the fourth round and obviously prior to the ankle break, you're talking about one of the biggest wins in in your rookie cycle last year. Scataboo in his class was going more so in the mid-second round. I do think if we had the Scataboo profile allow Jonah Coleman here, we could learn from Scaboo and take him higher. And honestly, it's going to be a big debate where Jonah Coleman's ADP ends up lining up because I do think >> I mean, is he more so going to be an early second or people going to be >> I think he'll end up being an early second because I think ultimately he'll go in the late third round, early fourth

round because he didn't run and teams couldn't check that box on him. They don't know how fast he is, for example. >> Yeah. I mean, my comp was Doug Martin and this feels like a guy with Jonah Coleman I've been in on since he was at Arizona. So do feel really good in seeing just how much Jonah Coleman has really elevated his game and become a full-fledged workhorse these last couple years at Washington. >> Yeah. So a little bit of a discrepancy. I have him at seven right now because again I'm kind of just relying on my grade. You're more so factoring in a little bit that he could fall to the third or the fourth round. In that situation, you probably would take some of these first round receivers over him, including Omar Cooper Jr. who we feel like we were very early on. We recorded his film review way back in January right after he declared for the draft. Floor-wise, we're talking like an Anthony Miller, median, a Sterling Shepard. Ceiling wise, more of like a

Brandon IU caliber player. Excellent Yak weapon. Luther Burden, snappy routes, strong hands, downfield ability, the speed, the athleticism is all there. He ran a 442 at the NFL scouting combine. The only weaknesses here is like, okay, you look at his production, it doesn't pop off the screen. It's not insane of the numbers he was putting up. And of course, too, he's a little bit more of a rawer player, route tree, timing, awareness. He he reminds me a lot of IU coming out, man. Because when I was coming out, you saw the flashes, you saw the framework. He just needed some development. And Cooper's kind of the exact same situation. >> Yeah. And it's so funny. When we recorded his prospect profile, we're like, "How is this guy getting mocked in the third round?" Like, I had a top 25 grade on him when I first watched him. You had him just off of a top 25 grade, which probably would have, you know, top 50 on label, but realistically an 84.0 is very close to an 85. You were close

to a top 25 grade. We've kind of seen, you know, the narrative, the consensus shift in the regard that could he go 14 to the Rams or 13 to the Rams, could he go 14 to the Ravens? Could he go to one of these teams in the teams that that narrative never really got brought up until the last couple weeks. So, like you kind of mentioned, it feels good that we were early on the train cuz Omar Cooper, man, he is special. The movement ability in the open field. Obviously, there's some concerns about the overall usage that he saw in 2025, but at the same time, when we're projecting forward, give me the movement skill set that he provides. >> Yeah. Insane blockbuster trade just went down in the NFL. By the way, the Broncos just traded their first round pick for Jaylen Wadd. So, um >> Whoa. >> Yeah. And they got a fourth in return. So, maybe a little brief intermission here to give our thoughts on it [laughter] just because we're reacting to it live. I mean, we've been a little

bit staunchly lower on like a Courtland Sutton just because he's been kind of like a circumstantial number one receiver. So, now that Wadd is there, that's definitely going to factor in. Obviously, you got to feel great about Bo Nicks if you have him in Dynasty getting another weapon like that. Um, this probably I mean they don't have a first round pick now so this puts to bed the possibility of them getting like a Kenyan Sadi maybe they would still add like a Stoers or something. Miami is just really tearing it down and and Malik Willis could be running for his life out there with nobody to throw to and um who knows maybe Devon Chan's next maybe he's the one who gets dealt next because he's going to be up for a contract extension very soon and I'm sure there's teams around the NFL that would be very interested in trading for I was the the Seahawks I would trade 32 for him in a heartbeat. >> Does AJ get 150 targets now? Like what's going on there? Yeah, I don't I don't

know, man. But um [laughter] this firmly puts the Dolphins in potential to take a Mai Lemon or to take a Carnell Tater or Jordan Tyson potentially at 11 overall, too. >> That's a big point. And also, I will I will pray that happens considering at 12 I want a defensive player and Miami was being rumored at one of those corners. Maybe instead they go with, you know, one of the guys we talked about in today's video. >> Yeah. All right, let's get back on track here. Denzel Boston, another potential firstround receiver. Sim, speaking of Courtland Sutton, more of like a Courtland Sutton type of build. the Michael Pitman kind of ceiling was what we saw for him. Boston actually had his pro day yesterday, did not run a 40, so we have no idea how fast he is. My guess would be if he didn't run, he's probably like a 455 to 460 type of guy, but he did run really good agility drills, which was one thing I was concerned about with him. So, I feel pretty good about Boston's projection. He's got

excellent hands, X, you know, prototype size, smart, tough, three-level threat, but we'll see what that end what that top end speed ends up being because that was a weakness for both of us on film. Um, but I do love the press man releases. The thing that both of us came away with Denzel Boston was I just don't see the Mike Evans comp that some people are throwing out there. I see a guy who can be a very receiver in the league, >> but again with first round capital, we do still have a pretty highly graded dude. I would suspect though that depending on where he goes, depending on where the capital of the other players around him go, he could be anywhere from my 107 to my 203. Like he could really fluctuate all over the board. >> Yeah. The the the problem with Boston is again like he doesn't have the raw strength in his routes that Mike Evans had. Like you're never moving Mike Evans off of his spot too many times out of his break. I saw Denzel Boston really get affected by a physical defender in

his face. I like Denzel Boston. I'm also going to have to change one of his potential fits considering I had Denver there as the Courtland Sutton hair. They don't have that first round pick to spend on him now. But ultimately, I do think his range is going to be somewhere between >> maybe as early as 14 at Baltimore till about the mid20s. Cleveland speaks to me at 24. >> Yeah, I mean San Francisco could obviously take the shot on him. I do think that the take the shot on him as well. Like I've seen him connected to the Bears because obviously Odun plays there and they just traded DJ Moore away. Like there's a number of different spots that would make sense for him. But again, I think as an ancillary Jaden Higgins type receiver is more so how I view him. Um, let's talk about Jadarien Price, who uh did not have the greatest combine as far as like what we expected. 449 is more than fast enough for what he was, but he did come in at 203 pounds, which is a little bit lighter. I think

on the floor side of things, you're looking at like Sony Michelle, Ronald Jones. On the ceiling side, you're looking more like JK Dobbins, Josh Jacobs, which was kind of like the comp that you had and also the ceiling comp and the model. So, it's difficult with Jadarian Price because you have Jeremiah Love, who's obviously this generational prospect. So, you're not going to have the production that you necessarily want to have for a second round running back, but it sounds like he is going to go in the second round based on his film. Both of us view him as kind of like a day two caliber running back. The instincts, the contact balance, the creativity, the athleticism. Again, we were kind of expecting him to be even better of an athlete, even bigger than he actually came in in because he plays like that. That's how he plays. The weaknesses being that he really doesn't have a receiving profile at all. He was never the starter. He did have a torn Achilles early in his college career. So, he has

some issues, but I still feel very good about the film and the player that I watched. Ultimately, when I turn the tape on, I'm like, "This is a good running back." >> Physical, decisive, follows his blocks, and he's got burst. I understand that he didn't test the way we wanted to, and there people are going to bring up the valid red flags like, "Hey, this guy didn't have sustained production." Even though we know that Jeremiah Love is a superhum in the backfield with him, that's going to be the red flag that he has ultimately. I want to see where the consensus ends up landing on him, but I know I want to be above it. >> Yeah. No, absolutely. Yeah, the final guy that we have in this tier, again, we are going mainly off of our grades here because our grades have Elijah Serat or definitely my grade had Elijah Surro even over Denzel Boston, but yours amongst that Denzel Boston, Casey Conpsion, kind of Omar Cooper. I believe you did have Cooper and Casey a little

notch ahead of those guys. Yeah, but even though he's projected kind of to be more of like a third roundish receiver at the point at this point in time, I see flashes of, you know, a young Chris Godwin, a young Keenan Allen at times. Michael Wilson was my official comp for him. He was dominant in the red zone. He has a veteran mentality, strong hands, developed profile, good wherever he played. He did play in a small school the first couple of years, but then once he transferred to Indiana, he continued that production over. The issue that people have for Sarat, and we'll find this out April 1st at his proday, if he does any of the testing. How athletic is this guy? That's that's everybody's major concern because he doesn't have a whole lot of suddenness to his game, not a whole lot of downfield separation, but it also wasn't his role. So, it's possible that he is a little bit more athletic than people think he is. We'll just see if he ends up doing anything.

If he ends up doing nothing at April 1st Indiana Proday, we probably know he is more of like a 46 caliber receiver. >> Yeah. And Sarat, he can play on the outside. He played a lot on the outside in Indiana, but I do think his natural with the next level is going to be as this big slot wide receiver because as you pointed out when we did his film study, over four yards per out run out of the slot this year. >> Yeah. No, that's that's really really high-end production. And we're talking like only, you know, your CD Lambs of the world were putting up stuff like that out of the slot. So again, I for me, I watch a player who was just a little bit miscast in his role. I do think it's going to affect his capital. I think he's going to be more of like a third round receiver, but I'm going to again very similar to Coleman. Even though he's not quite at this level as far as what other people are probably going to think of him, wherever he goes in ADP of rookie drafts, I'm going to be

in on wherever that is. But right now, we're kind of just ranking the grades that we gave the players. Let's get into this massive cluster of tier uh tier wide receivers. We have uh you know, Tai Simpson, who's projected to potentially go in the first round. We also have Eli Stoers who's the consensus tight end two in the class. Let's start off with Chris Purcell. Um, again, we already talked about the top 12 a little bit more in depth. So, if you guys do want to see more of that, go back to two weeks ago. We did a top 12 tier list. Chris Purcell is an interesting player. Both of us have him as our wide receiver nine, I believe. You do you still have Branch ahead of him? >> Um, I do have Branch one spot ahead of him. >> Okay. And I still I have Jacobe Lane ahead of him. So, there he is consensus wide receiver nine for us. On the ceiling side of things, we see kind of like a Chase Clayool, a Christian Watson, you have Tyrell Williams listed as the comp. Uh sudden urgent breaks as

a route runner, which is definitely intriguing, but we know that like Tennessee scheme can fool us a little bit. The separation that those guys have, but I love the athleticism, the 4-37 speed, the downfield ability. I like his releases at the catch point. He just has like a non well-rounded profile. The middling analytics, the yards after catch ability, the route tree, and the fact that he played for the University of Tennessee. Like he has intriguing qualities if he's in a different uniform. Like if he was coming out of two lanes still, which is where he played the first two years of his career, I feel like we'd probably be a little higher as a collective on Chris Purcell because we wouldn't have that Tennessee uh scar tissue that we have from Jaylen Hyatt. >> Yeah. No, my comp for was Tyrro Williams. Tyrro Williams. He was a little bit shorter, I believe. We just >> I think >> Yeah. 63 and a half, 205 pounds. Ended up running a 443 at his combine. But we

did see, you know, the peak of a guy like Tyrell Williams. 69 receptions, 159 receiving yards, seven receiving touchdowns in his second year uh with the San Diego Chargers at the time. Actually, before they moved to LA, it was back in San Diego. I'm still thinking of those old, you know, powder blue jerseys playing in the playoffs that one year against the Denver Broncos when they play when they had the best offense in the league. Yeah, Tyrell Williams was a staple of, you know, early lad fantasy football days. I still remember him in the flex spots. Absolutely kill him. >> Yeah. Yeah. Chris Purcell, again, a guy that can be developed, a player that we feel decent about, but in this class, for that to be the 112 or the 2011 in our consensus rankings, not excellent. We don't see a huge difference between Chris Purcell at 13 here and our consensus 21 and Ted Hurst at the end of this tier. Like, it's very close in both of our rankings for how we have them graded. And again, when you factor in

that what if, you know, some of these running backs get good capital and some of the quarterbacks get good capital and if you're in a tight end premium and all that kind of stuff. This is kind of if you have second round capital in your in your 2026 class, you're probably better off more so having lots of ammo in the second round, like a bunch of picks as opposed to having the 2011 and 202. Like I'd probably rather have the 204, 206, 208, 210 than the 2011, 202 because I'd rather have four bites at the apple as opposed to two in this territory. Well, I mean, last year we were getting guys like Luther Burden falling to the 2011 and now it's like Luther Burden would have probably been what in this class like at least where uh in terms of our grade >> at least in the conception on if not at the top of it. >> Yeah. Like we're talking like just the prospect by the way obviously with the hindsight of his rookie year you can make the case even higher. But like the

prospect alone would have been in that 107 108 range and we were getting him at the 2011 last year. So, let's just be perfectly clear. Like, once we enter this D tier, there's a reason why there's nine players in it. Nobody's really separating from it. >> No. Not to mention, there's guys that aren't even in our top 25 that people might think is the 2011 in this class. Like, it's it's also part of it is >> Yeah. Like Emtt Johnson and Mike Washington, both the running backs from Nebraska and uh Arkansas are not even in our top 25 and grade. So, that's another thing that factors in. Let's talk about Zachariah Branch. hurt himself a little bit at the combine. Came in a little bit lighter, but he did, you know, check the box. 435 speed. We all expected that. He has that jitterbug athleticism, the five-star prowess that he had coming out of high school. Tough, physical, short to mediate route running. I think he can be a Z Flowers type at the next level, a

Curtis Samuel type at the next level. The year three improvement was nice after he got away from USC where they had a lot of target competition with Jacobe Lane and Mai Lemon and Woody Marks out of the backfield and Duce Robinson who was a thousand yard receiver for Florida State. He has weaknesses though. He got a lot of scheme specific touches. 50% of his catches were like on screen passes. Not a lot of deep usage. He's undersized, low production. Generally for a fivestar athlete, you would want to see a bigger production profile than he had. And he also doesn't have like the best hands in the world. He's kind of a body catcher. But a guy that both of us feel good can develop into something more than what he was in college. Again, it's just are you willing to kind of roll the dice on this profile? >> He's one of the ultimate like I can fix him wide receivers of this class. It's like if you take them, you understand that you're getting a player with warps

right now. Whether it's, you know, the usage, like you said, very very around the line of scrimmage, a whole ton of screens. I believe there's there's a 56 53 54 something like that. >> Yeah, I was going to say like what 53 54% of his targets came on screen passes this year. Like that's not what you want to see if you take a guy in the top 40, top 50 of the NFL draft. However, former number one recruit four, like I understand he he ran slower than we expected. 435 was his official time at the combine. >> 435 like like sure he didn't run 429. Big deal. He ran a 435. He's got juice. He's got the ability to, you know, break a game open on any single touch. And I do think at the next level, like if you get him with the right receiver coach, get the right, you know, fundamentals really installed, get the right plan installed for him to develop, like there is the ability like, oh, well, he wasn't used like this in college, but now he's Brandon Cooks at the next level. Like I

do think he has the ability to translate his game in that capacity. Yeah, we're all just scarred from Xavier Worthy and John Ross and guys like that where and first of all like Worthy's 23 years old. He could easily still be a good receiver [laughter] in his NFL career. But again, Branch, he's a risk. There's 5% chance he's Tyreek Hill though. Like legitimately, he actually does have that upside. It's just something that he's going to have to develop. And I would say there's a 20% chance he's a Flowers, which would still be a very good uh receiver for your fantasy team. Let's talk about uh our fourth both of our fourth rated running backs in the class. Katron Allen of Penn State, who essentially took over the starting job over Nick Singleton, who prior to this season was the starting running back at Penn State. Floor-wise, we're talking like Audrey Esté, Kendre Miller, and then maybe on the high end, he's Kareem Hunt. Good vision, good patience, solid

feet, very good uh production profile, productive all four years of his career. Had 20 plus targets all four years of his career despite sharing the backfield with a five-star recruit, Nick Singleton, who has a very good receiving profile himself. He's really tough. I like his ability on the goal line. You saw him kick it open the door and, you know, robbing the banks or whatever every time he punched in a touchdown. The problem with Kron Allen, we'll see what happens at Penn State's proday. How athletic is he? What is the receiving ability look like at the next level? Because he's more of a checkdown guy as opposed to like a real a receiving threat. And also too, like the quickness, the agility stuff is what I'm I'm also concerned with as long as well as like the overall top end speed. My comp for him, Jordan Howard, multi-time RB1, that would be a huge huge upside case for him. your comp for um Isaiah Carell who also had a good period of fantasy relevance with Cleveland too.

>> Yeah, committee hammer a guy that coaches are going to be able to depend on honestly what's funny about Kron I do think he's going to end up materializing to about a mid-second in most of people drafts. He is the ultimate like oh do I expect him to absolutely crush at the next level be a future RB1? Probably not. Is he a guy that I know at some point in the next couple years I can plug into my flex spot, feel cozy, feel like, you know, that David Montgomery factor where it's like he's not going to lose me a week, but he's also probably not going to completely dominate me a week. Like he's not going to be the guy that's going to flash in 35 points on, you know, 7.8 yards per carry type of game. >> No, that's just not his game. It's not really his style, but he is definitely like you could go two ways with this class. You could go, it's the early second round. I don't really trust anybody. I'm gonna take a guy that I know is going to be something for my

fantasy team, even if he's not a RB1 overall caliber finisher, or I can go the other direction, which is take the swing on a Zachariah Branch, for example, who could end up not being very fantasy relevant in the low-end scenario. Let's talk about Eli Stoers. And if anybody wants to yell at somebody here, it's Danny, because I have Eli Sto at 13 here, and Danny has him at 23. So, by consensus, he equals to our 16. Um, but the tight the route tree, the versatility, the athleticism, like what would he jump 45 and a half inches at the combine. He's a great yards after catch threat. Production profile is really good when you consider he wasn't even a tight end until two years ago. His first two years in college, he was a four-star recruit at quarterback. So, I think that there's a ceiling that he could be kind of like the next to Ronda Gadson. You have Isaiah likely as the comp here. Um, we both list Denver as the ideal fit. Maybe they're less in the camp for this now after trading for

Jaylen Wadd, but in the second round potentially, I think Stoers would make sense. Most people I've seen have Stoers kind of like >> just behind Sadiq. Like if Sadiq's the 106, Stowers's like the 109 or something like that. Now, I'm personally a little worried about him getting on the field and being able to be like a blocking tight end because >> if he can't get on the field, he's probably not going to have a ton of fantasy relevance, but I do I I don't want to say no to this profile. It does remind me a little bit of Fannon from last year and Gatson from last year. >> Oh, yeah. There's definitely going to be, you know, um there's going to be comparisons to it based off the fact that he was just so damn productive. I do have my concerns though because we just mentioned, you know, Sadiq, um I had less of an issue with the blocking aspect there. I had less of an issue getting on the field in terms of 11 personnel. Um and I mentioned the stat

that Stoers is only on the field on 127 of those 307 design runs. On top of that, only a 53.3 PFF run blocking grade, 29th percentile. Again, shout out Josh and Dwayne McFarland for those stats. I like Stowers. Uh, ultimately though, is I I didn't expect to like the other tight ends in this class as much as I did. Spoiler alert, we're not going to be talking about them in the official top 25. We'll probably reference them at the end. I was a big fan of Max Cla and I was a big fan of Justin Jolie. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, this class is a little underrated at that position. I'm more so in the camp of like, yeah, Stoers is kind of in a tier of his own as tight end, too. And you're more so in a camp of like, yeah, he kind of blends in with those other guys when you factor in. Maybe it's an issue for him to get on the field right away um if he doesn't go to the right landing spot. Definitely a very landing spot dependent player in in Stard for sure. So, uh, Jacobe Lane I

made reference to, he's kind of a certified my guy as you can see here. Um, I see a legitimate like Allen Hearns, maybe even Allen Robinson type of upside with this dude because the size, the length, the physicality, absolute dominant red zone threat, had 12 receiving touchdowns, which was fourth in the entire NCAA with Mai Lemon, Zachariah Branch, Deuce Robinson, and Woody Marks all on the same field. Contested catches out the wazoo. Some of the best catch highlight reel you'll watch in this entire class is Jacobe Lane. The issue that a lot of people have is like the separation, but I have less issue with the separation after he ran a 447 and had a 92 percentile burst score. Let's see if he did the agility drills at USC's proday. I don't believe that he did. I'll double check that while I throw it to you. But Jacobe Lane, the athleticism was one of the things that I had a question mark about and he kind of checked that box for me, which is why I feel better about him now

than I did even when I watched him. And I was really high on the player when I watched him the first time. So, and everyone was super high on his gauntlet drill and all that kind of stuff. So, I I do think he has a chance to get drafted in the early to mid-second round and be a guy that could be, you know, the next Michael Gallop or Allen Robinson. >> So, I went more for like a conservative. I would say probably about a 30th 40th percentile comp there, like a taller Jaylen Tolbert. Keep in mind, not the Jaylen Tolbert that we've seen in the NFL, the Jaylen Tolbert that, you know, went on day two, had some very, very good production in university. did have, you know, a couple, you know, highlights in the NFL, but hasn't really fully materialized there on a mental level. Um, I do think though in terms of comparable prospects, you kind of threw this for Denzel Boston. But Jaden Higgins last year, people were talking about, okay, well, what exactly is the top end speed here? Then he goes out

there and he blurs a 447. Then he goes out there and he jumps 39 in 6'4, 214 pounds. There could be some similarities there between Jacobe Lane, his rise in terms of athletic testing versus expectation versus what we've seen from Jaden Higgins last year. >> Yeah. Like unfortunately with this class, you kind of just have to go if there's a 10% chance that this guy's T. Higgins, you might just have to take him here because like >> ultimately I think we're going to look back five years from now and this class in the 2011 to 305 range is going to have like a 30% hit rate. So, I'm sure the upside on Jacobe Lane and Eli Stoers and I'll get to the quarterback that I'll talk about in a little bit because that's kind of the strategy I'm going to employ. It also would depend on my roster. Like, if I just need a running back and feel like I can, you know, go out there and and hit on a a Tatron Allen, I'll probably do that. But, I really like these guys with super high

ceilings because I do think ultimately only like three out of every 10 guys in this territory is going to actually hit at the NFL level for a meaningful rate at the fantasy football u you know, frame of mind here. So, let's talk about Ty Simpson, who um is projected to go somewhere between pick 16 at the highest probably to the Jets to maybe goes in the 50s or something like that. This is your fringe first round quarterback prospect of the year. Last year, Dur and Jackson Dart. >> This year it's Tai Simpson. Um natural thrower of the ball, very good deep ball, good mobility, good progression, like good going through his progressions, played in the pro style offense, good throwing on the run. My issues with Tai Simpson and why he's not even my quarterback too is that I didn't like the inaccuracy. I didn't love the the play under pressure. The size and the durability make me nervous. And when you factor in if you like do a comps list of guys who are this size, this not

durable, who were only one year starters, who have other warts on tape, like how many players actually hit out of that territory? And that's kind of my worries when you Trey Lance, Dwayne Haskins, Mitch Trabiscy, all the list of one-year starters. It worries me that Tai Simpson was only a one-year starter in four or five years of college football. And even in that one year, it's not like he was like perfect. Like Tre Lance was basically perfect in his one year. >> Yeah. And obviously like there's context. Oh, level of competition doing it against North Dakota State's going to be different. I mean, we have a couple North Dakota State players in this class that put up absolutely if you compare another one-year starter at the University of Alabama. M. Jones's numbers were way better than Tai Simpson. Way better. >> No, no, I know what you mean. I I agree. Overall, is he a first round caliber prospect? Probably not by my expectation. But at the same time, because he's getting the first round

buzz, he is, you know, a pretty wide gap right now in my rankings between him and my quarterbacks 3 to five. But in terms of the raw grade, he came out at 75.5. I have three quarterbacks between 71 and 74. Like, so the gap between him and quarterback 3, four, and five, like you said, he's not even your quarterback, too. He is my quarterback, too. But I do acknowledge that with Aller, with Payton, and with Garrett Nusmire, they're not far off versus what I expected coming into the cycle. >> Yeah. No, for sure. So, again, I I'm more so factoring in having Simpson at 20 that Yeah, he'll probably go in the first day of the draft or maybe in the second round, and I'll move him up then. But for now, I'm going to rank him kind of what I view him to be because I don't know if he's going to go in the first round. And if he goes at pick 38 or something like that, like where Tyler Shuck went in last year's draft, then I probably will let my league mates draft

him. I I'm not super high on the player. I think he has a lot of warts. Uh speaking of a player who uh could slide potentially because of durability concerns, Chris Bell coming off a torn ACL at the end of November. Didn't get to see him test. Won't get to see him test unfortunately, but he could have blazed an absolute stupid time for his size because he's 220 pounds and might have ran in the low 44s. On the ceiling end of things, people are going to throw out the AJ Brown Debo Samuel. I've seen it many, many times already. I don't quite see that. I don't think he moves as fluidly as those players. you agree with that obviously too, but I do love the toughness. I love the hands that he has. I do love the athleticism and the rocked up frame. My worry is, okay, he's a bit of a raw player, doesn't have the most nuanced routes in the world, and he's coming off of a major injury that would affect his ability to sharpen up his routes and get the reps that he

really needs early on in camp. Both of us viewed Xavier Legette as the proper comp for him. And just keep in mind, we actually liked Xavier Legette. It's not that it's not that derogatory of a comp as it sounds. Yeah, I mean Xavier Legette went in the first round. Like realistically, like the level of prospect Chris Bell is, sure, if you hit, you could be AJ Brown. If you don't hit, maybe you're Jonathan Mingo. Like there's a wide variety of wide receiver that he can end up materializing into. I think it all stems back to what level of nuance can he truly develop. How much is that ACL going to hinder his develop in terms of developing that nuance? A guy who relied upon those natural physical gifts. a big ass wide receiver, 220 pounds. Locomotive once he gets that buildup speed, is he gonna have that same affordability against NFL athletes coming off of that injury if he doesn't develop the nuances? >> Yeah. And he beat the crap out of Miami. Like that's what everyone's impressed by

is Miami was in the national championship and he took their lunch money and shoved it down their throat and gave them a wedgie. Like he beat the [ __ ] out of the second best in college football. Like it's just it's challenging when you factor in that when you watch the tape on this dude, you see the lack of nuance, the kind of vertical plane kind of receiver that he is. Could he be the next DK Mechaf? It's definitely possible. It's definitely I'm not going to rule it out. I just don't think that it's likely knowing that he's coming off of a major knee injury. Again, we'll see what happens with the draft capital. It sounds like he's going to go really high still. Team will take a shot on him in the top 50 or 64 picks or something. Let's talk about Eric Mallister. This is one of those guys that will assuredly probably be lower on this list when we get postdraft >> because Eric Mallister has so many off the- field concerns from a potential

terrorist situation to he was on probation for marijuana use and a bunch of other [ __ ] But he is a really really solid wide receiver prospect. Downfield production, very strong size, athleticism. We'll see what he ends up running at TCU's proday. Solid route runner too. He's a yards after catch threat in space. The only real issues you have are, okay, some of the hand stuff is a little inconsistent. He had some drops, he had some fumbles, some contested situations that didn't go his way. And again, the red flags off the field are going to result in him probably going on day three of the NFL draft. So, we can't really get too excited about this player knowing that he's probably more so somebody that we're going to be talking about in the third round of rookie drafts or the fourth round of rookie drafts as opposed to the second round. But on pure grade, both of us thought this is a guy that rivals, you know, the Brcels, the branches, the uh, you know, that that

lane territory of wide receiver. >> I'd go a step further because when you look at that overall grading chart, even if he was just, you know, average in the smarts IQ section, which again, like we would have given him some lenience with, you know, the red flags off the field if he also just didn't make a ton of mental mistakes on it. So ultimately, you gave him a zero, I gave him a one. Even if at a he was at a four and a half or a five there, we're talking about him being in a different tier of in terms of how we graded him out. So with Merrick Mallister, man, he is the biggest, you know, what if of this class. Does he go round two to a team that believes in him that isn't as worried about the red flags? He's going to be a big riser for us. Or at the same time, could this be a Germaine Burton situation where yeah, a team uses a third round pick on him, but he goes MIA. Or we could just be talking about the, you know, the ultimate worst case scenario where does this guy go in

round five, round six, round seven, does he go undrafted? Like to me, he is the biggest mystery box in the class cuz you can comfortably say his range in terms of where he goes. It's probably round two to round seven. Like I don't know where he's going to go. >> He could never play a down in the NFL. He's he's got Tammorian Terry like downside. Like but again, you're not going to draft him here now. Like you you don't have your rookie draft until after the draft. So, you're gonna wherever he goes in the actual draft capital section is how comfortable you should feel taking him. But again, I'm going to be in on him no matter his price. He's a third round pick, I'm going to be higher than consent. If he's a sixth round pick, yeah, I know what the off the- field stuff's a concern, but I'll still take swings on him in the fourth round of rookie drafts anyways. >> Yeah. No, I I agree with you there. And obviously the lowhanging fruit TCU 64

wide receiver Quinn Johnson, but like you watch Eric Mallister, there's a lot of that that made Quinton Johnson a firstround NFL draft pick. >> Yeah. No, exactly. Um Ted Hurst is another guy that you actually have ahead of Eric Mallister. I have him kind of right neck and neck with Eric Mallister. The level of competition at Georgia State's definitely a problem, but he's kind of acceed the post draft or the pre-draft process. Man, I think there's a super high ceiling here. He ran a 442 at the combine, weight adjusted speed score in the 95th percentile. His RA score was super high. The downfield ability, the size, the athleticism. He checks the box of this guy should look like he's not at home playing in this conference. He is way better than everybody on the field. And it's very clear the yards after catch ability is solid. The contested catches were solid. Release package. He needs some time to develop. He has some drops. Needs to add some strength. A lot more nitpicky

stuff. The biggest concern with Ted Hurst is how good can he be when he's playing against NFL caliber competition. I have a trio of Colorado statewide receivers as the comps there in the model. Rashard Higgins the floor. Tory Horton the median. Michael Gallop the ceiling. I do think that Michael Gallop is within the range of outcomes for Ted Hurst. Maybe the Bills draft him in the third round or something and he becomes the number two receiver to DJ Moore or something like he has that kind of upside and dare I say maybe he's even George Pickins level upside if he can really really put it all together. >> Oh, he literally looks like F FCS George Pickkins but like you said like how much can we really take away when he's beating up on future janitors, when he's beating up on future plumbers. Like he looks the part. He looks like what you want a player to look like going up against that competition, but we never look know what it looks like against NFL athletes until we see it. But I do think

given the frame, given the ability at the catch point, given the ability in terms of his nuance in his routes again, like we'll see if, you know, NFL DBs fall for some of those nuances, but I thought he was a very refined route runner given the frame and given the overall experience that he had. So ultimately with Ted Irzman, the ceiling is massive. like 44 wide receiver, 6'3, 185 pounds. Like that is an NFL X wide receiver. And I do think a team that needs that, you know, the Kansas City Chiefs need an outside wide receiver with some speed. The Buffalo Bills you just mentioned, they get DJ Moore as more of their power slot archetype. I still think they need an outside wide receiver. You round out that core with Ted Hurst, DJ Moore, Khil Shakir. I think that's a trio that's best or the best trio that Josh Allen has worked with in how long? >> Yeah, since at least he had Stefon Diggs. Um, it's funny cuz I'm more so been chasing the ceiling of some of these prospects in this territory. This

is the first one that you're a little higher than me on the player because you're chasing the ceiling for. Speaking of chasing the ceiling, cuz this guy has no floor either. Nicholas Singleton, running back from Penn State. Um, so irritating. Uh, same with his quarterback, who we'll get to in a second. When you think about the prospect caliber that these two guys were coming out of high school, Singleton, the best running back prospect in the country, comes out, rushes for a thousand yards as a true freshman. Looked like he was shot out of a damn cannon. his freshman highlight tape, elite speed, workhorse size, receiving weapon, toughness, his production profile is pretty good. Even even though there are some warts, why wasn't he better type of stuff, but a lot of it is related to the onfield vision, instincts, lack of ball carrier moves, creativity, you can watch why Nick Singleton wasn't the full-time starter because Kron Allen, when it comes to purely playing running back,

knows more than Nick Singleton does. However, if a team gets him into the building and has a good running back coach and thinks that they can fix him, like you said with Zachariah Branch, then Nick Singleton could end up being like you see your comp of Bree Hall, Super Light, uh the ceiling comp of the models, Chase Brown, like it's within the range of outcomes that Nick Singleton could become that. And I view him as like a again one of these guys where wherever he's going, I'm going to be higher than consensus because I want to take the ceiling swing on Nick Singleton. There's too much smoke, too much evidence in my opinion that he he can be a great running back. It's just he had has not put it all together and ultimately he may never. >> Yeah. And my comp there obviously a little facicious like reaching Bree Hall for a guy we have ranked consensus 22 overall in this class would obviously be a big achievement. He just has a long ways to go before he gets there because

ultimately like the player that we've seen with Nick Singleton got two years good, we got two years bad. Got a player coming off of a broken foot. like we will end up seeing where the NFL lands on him. But ultimately, like you said, you can't teach the size, you can't teach the speed, and you can't teach the receiving ability at that size. That's the number one thing, man. The versatility as a wide receiver, he will play in third down at the next level as long as mentally he is able to get up to NFL speeds. >> Yeah. And the challenging thing, too, that's really frustrating for me as someone who I have Nick Singleton as my 205. So, I'm I'm a lot higher on him than you. You actually don't even have him in your top 25. Nick Singleton to me, if he could put it all together, would would look something like what Mike Washington is experiencing right now. Had he been healthy enough to test and blow up the combine like I know Nick Singleton would have, then we might be

talking about him actually getting the draft capital, actually getting second or third round draft capital. Now, unless Nick Singleton can work out before um the NFL draft, which he's hinted that he might be able to in like a private workout in April or something, we're looking at a guy who's probably going to fall because he didn't have the opportunity to blow up the combine, which is his biggest strength, his athleticism and size and all that kind of stuff. He's 224 pounds. He might have ran in the low four threes. Like, he's that fast. So, this is a dude that uh that could have been on the rise big time, but unfortunately was robbed by that Senior Bowl injury. >> Yeah. And uh my guy here, Jamari Taylor, he's almost like the anti- Nick Singleton where it's like he does a lot of things just very well like across the board. Solid receiver out of the back field, elusive, is able to handle contact. I thought he had very, very good vision and patience, instincts as a

runner. We're talking about a guy that's also very tough despite his frame, 510, 199 pounds. You're seeing him absorb hits between the tackles. Ultimately here, again, the flaw is that he doesn't really have the standout traits. He doesn't really have like the elite juice. He doesn't really have the elite size. He doesn't really have the elite receiving ability. But I do think if you're looking for a committee running back that can give you some RB2 level years. He reminds me of like again this is a lofty comp because this guy had a big time year in the next level. But I do think the way Justin Forset won with his instincts slashing between the tackles always going to get you the yards that are there and potentially one to two hidden yards. Jamari Taylor is that back of this class. I am as my RB5 man. I do think there's a lot of things he just checks boxes of. Yeah. Yeah. He another one of these guys where you just go, "Oh, he was as good all of his

college career. He played at NC Central. It's H.B.CU. He didn't really get to the power five until this year, but he once he got there, he was he looked like he belonged and he knew how he was able to run the ball very well. Like you said, underrated power, good elusiveness, just did the job." Again, one of these guys that it's it's depending what you need. I doubt anybody's going to have Jamari Taylor ranked this high, too. So, he might just end up being a huge sleeper for us across the board. A guy that we're always taking in the third, fourth round of rookie drafts, but based on pure grade, like you said, he's your RB5. He's my RB6. Like I have him ranked higher than Emtt Johnson and Mike Washington and so do you. >> Yeah. And again, there are going to be people that are chasing, you know, the elite traits and Jamari Taylor, like I said, doesn't have those. But he's also not going to be taken off on third down. He's also not going to be taking out of

goal line situations. We'll see if he ends up getting a starting caliber role at the next level. That's going to be his biggest, you know, thing in the way. But I do think if he does have an opportunity where he slides in for a couple games and he plays the way I think he can play, we could be talking about maybe, you know, the day three running back that takes over as a rookie this year. Like we could legit feeling >> Irving. >> Yeah. Bucky Irving, like the Michael Carter, for example. We saw that one year. Like the the day three running back that we say after the season, oh, he's probably like a prime cell high. I could see Jamar Taylor being that guy. >> Yeah. No, absolutely. I uh made reference to Drew Aller already. He is my QB2 in the class. mainly because again I if I'm gonna take a quarterback with some flaws, which both of these dudes have in my opinion, Tai Simpson and Drew Aller, I'm gonna take the guy who has elite arm talent, which I think

rivals Justin Herbert, Trevor Lawrence, Drake May, Josh Allen, Patrick Mahomes in the NFL. I think he will be up there as far as pure arm talent from day one of his NFL career. Size, mobility, again, former five-star recruit, a guy that people dubbed the next Josh Allen coming out of high school. His anticipation and reads were underrated in my opinion. Like I was surprised how decent they were. pocket presence was also pretty underrated in my opinion. He has that playmaker gene who can go pick up a first down or have one guy he's fighting off with one arm and he [ __ ] chucks a touchdown with the other. Like he has that ability. The problem for him >> has been footwork, mechanics, ball placement, a lot of that accuracy related stuff. In his first two college seasons, he was under 60% completion percentage. In his junior year, which was his best season in 2024, 66% completion percentage. his numbers really took a a a jump in his senior and junior year, which I I love to see that

progression because he was a very inaccurate quarterback early on in his college career. He's still not the most accurate quarterback in in the world, but a lot of it is like marrying his upper and lower body. He's all armed sometimes. He doesn't throw with his legs. DJ said it at the combine. Stacy Dales uh did an interview with Drawler on the sideline. He said he's working on his footwork, working on that stuff. And then of course there is the narrative of Drew Aller being the choke artist being the not clutch quarterback throwing the interception in the fourth quarter which might hurt his draft capital for sure. So as long as he goes round two round three which is up in the air he could go in the fourth round or the fifth round I'm going to have him in the second round territory because I will swing on this profile every time just like I said about Milro last year. >> So I'll contextualize to the grades because we did get our grades a little differently there. you uh factored in

the footwork, the pocket mechanics. If you can flash the graphic on the screen, if you you factored in the footwork, the pocket mechanics, the poise in his accuracy, that's where it took a dent out of his pocket presence grade. So, obviously, there's a big difference there. 9 out of 10 versus three out of 10. It's just kind of how we weighted. I've been weighing, you know, the pocket mechanics, the footwork, the ability, you know, keep your eyes down the field, the ability to keep a square base. I have that all in terms of pocket presence, but it looks like you more so valued it in the accuracy portion. Yeah, that's mainly because that's how it affected like it didn't affect his ability to scramble and run. It didn't affect his ability to get outside the pocket. >> I do that more as playmaking for me. >> Yeah, which is fair. Like I I just I a lot of the bad plays like the the the low light tape of Drewer. A lot of it is like bad mechanics, inaccurate throw.

Like most of it seems like that's the case 90% of the time. So again, he's a my guy. He's a guy that I have ranked as my 14th overall player in pure grade right now. Now, is he going to end up 14? Definitely not. unless he went in the first round or something like that. But I don't see that big of a discrepancy between the guy that we thought could have been a first round quarterback and the guy that I watched even in 2025 when he had no receivers, got injured, he played pretty well before his injury, did everything most of the time that he could have done. >> It's just this is a guy that NFL front offices are probably going to have conversations about. There's going to be in the second or the third or the fourth round, wherever he goes off the board, Lesne Sneed and Shawn McVey are going to go, "You think we can develop this guy? Like, can we actually get this guy in our building and get the best out of him?" because I think that it's in there. I don't think this is a

hypothetical mythological upside case. It's there. It just needs to be coached out of him. >> Yeah. Again, the significant concerns really affect his grade for me in terms of just I expected him to be a little more further along at this point in his career. But at the same time, there is valid upside here. Like my comp was Daniel Jones. Like if he ended up being a bigger armed Daniel Jones, like you're talking about a potential top 12 to 15 quarterback in the league. It's just I guess our expectations are a little bit misaligned there. or do you think he can access maybe the Drake May area? >> I I think he can be the next Justin Herbert who also got over even though he's a first- round pick, people overthought Justin Herbert and they went the scheme and this and blah blah blah. Like I think that, you know, when the brass tax of what this guy actually is comes out and he's in the right se scheme fit or system fit for himself, we might be like, we are so dumb. Why

weren't we betting on this guy when he was, you know, a third round quarterback or something? As fantasy players, if you can get a top 10 dynasty quarterback in the second round of your rookie draft, that would be something that I would absolutely love to do if it's possible. And then closing out this area, we do have our final guy here is Jeremy Bernard. Uh Jeremy Bernard, another one of these like you know what you're getting players. It's funny that like it seems like we're almost going back and forth every time. It's like ceiling guy, floor guy, ceiling guy, floor guy. Like Jeremy Bernard is, you know, Romeo Doss. Like he's >> just got a bag. >> Yeah, just got a bag. He's got good yards after catchability. He's a good route runner, especially against zone coverage, which is 70% of what he's going to see in the NFL. Good size, tested pretty well, good release package. The problem with Jeremy Bernard is that, you know, you see that like

30th percentile burst score in his game. He's just not the most dynamic, fluid athlete in the world. Um, when it comes to like in and out of his breaks, his catch point strength was like, "Okay, whatever." Lack of downfield usage. He was also similar to Zachariah Branch. Like a lot of his like targets came on like designed, short, and intermediate stuff. And that's why people go, "Okay, well, like how come his hands grade isn't higher, for example, that many drops?" Well, he didn't do very well in contested situations and he wasn't a really big downfield target. So, I'm I have question marks about his ability to affect all three levels of the field. But again, if you just want to hit a a single with your 208 or whatever, Jeremy Bernard might be your guy. >> Yeah. He's like the vanilla ice cream of the wide receiver class. Like Eric Mallister is like, oh, like you're trying a risky flavor like it could completely, you know, like like Chicago

mix for the first time. It's like the first person who thought of cheese and [ __ ] caramel corn at the first time. That was that was Eric Mallister as a pro. That could have been disgusting. You I had no idea. >> Well, he What are those? The bean game. You You know what I'm talking about? There's like the good beans and the bad beans. It's like Eric Mallister's like >> jelly beans. >> Yeah. What are those called? Um where you pick it and you either get like wet diaper flavor [laughter] or whatever. Yeah. >> Yeah. Be in the comments. If you guys know what I'm talking about, leave it down. It's >> Belly Belly. Is that what you're talking about? >> No, there was there's a specific name. If you guys know it in the comments, leave it down below. But like they >> basically with Derk M. You have no idea what's going to happen there. So anyways, let's uh get into the guys that we didn't get into just briefly. You had

both of the other tight ends, Jos Jolie and Max Claire uh inside your top 25. The only >> Yeah, the only There you go. The only one that I actually missed that was inside my top 25 but not yours was Antonio Williams, who again I I just view with a slightly higher ceiling than a guy like Jeremy Bernard, but I do view them as very similar receiverh prospects. And then um Le'Veon Moss, another guy that we're going to be intrigued to see how he tests. Bryce Lance, we'll see what his capital is, but we really like him as the beginning of the third round kind of territory. EMTT Johnson and Mike Washington, I'm sure people are screaming at their screens right now, how are they not in your top 25? We had concerns with both guys. We talked about it on both of their film reviews. Definitely check that out. That's available on the site. But basically, Mike Washington is mainly all athleticism and not a whole lot else. And EMTT Johnson is, you know, mainly all receiving ability and not a

whole lot else. And then Skyler Bell, another guy that people might have been concerned about as well. Um, good player, just not quite a top 25 player for either of us. >> Yeah, and you you kind of alluded to it, but uh I do have Stoers as my tight end three. The way I kind of have it, you know, worked out right now is Claire, Stoers, and Jolly are basically all back to back. Um, Claire reminds me a lot of Sam Laora. Again, we'll see if it goes ends up ends up being more so the Ben Sinnate route because I feel like with Claire, he kind of like symbolizes either or. Is he going to be Sam Laaporta or is he going to be a Benson? Is he ever going to be a true inline guy or is he going to be more so an Hback? Like his usage this year was a little wonky, but also keep in mind the context. When you're playing at Ohio State and you got Jeremiah Smith and Carnell Tate on the outside, you're going to play a less than glamorous role when you're the tight end there. And then Justin Jolie, man, he's arguably

got the best hands in this class. >> Yeah, he my comp for him was Harold Fannon. I think he he's my tight end three. I have him over Max Clare. Claire, to me, I just I don't see Sam Leaporta sealing because I don't think he's nearly as good of an athlete as Sam. >> Oh, he's a freak athlete. >> I We'll see what he like he he's got a test, I believe, at Ohio State's proday because he didn't do anything at the combine, but we'll see what he ends up doing because I I'll change my tune on him a little bit. I didn't see a sudden athlete on film. Even on his Purdue tape, I didn't think he was like an exceptional athlete. >> I mean, we'll see what he ends up being, but like I I did see a very very strong functional athlete. And I guess that would probably be the discrepancy in our grade is I had uh 29, you him at 22 by the looks of it. So it's like you view him as a clear second round kind of rookie pick guy and he's more of like a

mid third for me. >> Yeah. Yeah. Like I had his athleticism grade at 12 and a half. So you're clearly a lot lower than that. >> Yeah. So um again, if you guys want to check out all of our rookie draft guide, we have 40 prospect profiles up and ready just like the ones you saw flashed on the screen throughout this video. We have 27, I believe, total video profiles of us breaking down the film of these players. Definitely go check those out. pretty much everybody in this video except for actually all of them except for Jamari Taylor I think are up on the site right now. You can go check out how we got to those grades, how we got to those numbers. We go back and forth on that. And of course to um make sure to hit the like button down below, comment down below any of your thoughts. I would say just a general takeaway from doing this exercise is I like the third round of rookie drafts more than I like the second round of rookie drafts. Mainly because some of the players that are

like my guys are going to be third round rookie picks as opposed to second round rookie picks. So, if you're taking anything away, maybe collect some thirds if you can get access to them. If you got bunch of, you know, roster cloggers on your team that you can sell for two threes in this class and people think it sucks. I don't know, man. Uh, some of the guys in this class in the third round, I I'm actually going to be kind of intrigued by because I don't view a huge difference between 206 and 304 this year. >> Yeah, honestly, once you get to pick 13 even, I would say like Brazil like basically starts it. It's the eye of the beholder draft. If you like Emtt Johnson as your 13th overall player, who are we to tell you to stop him or stop from taking him? If you like Drew Aller as the quarterback, two off the board, who are we to tell you to stop you from taking him? If you like Max Claire as your tight end, too, who are we to tell you to stop him from ultimately here,

once you hit pick 13, it is the wild, wild west. You like Ted Hurst more the consensus, take him at the 2011. you like [ __ ] I don't know Eric Mallister and he ends up going on day two take him at like realistically here the value difference between the 13th and the 30th overall players is as freaking tight as we've ever seen. >> Yes, you sound like Tom Brady now. But uh yeah, appreciate you guys for tuning in. Check out the draft guide if you're interested. Uh like, comment, subscribe, all that good stuff. Peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
