What is up, fellas? It is I've titled this live stream Dynasty prayer circle to save rookie drafts instead of day three of the NFL draft because as you guys might be aware of, yesterday did not go particularly well. Um I will say like when I reflect back on it, when I'm putting these guys through the prospect model and stuff, it wasn't all bad. There were some guys, particularly prospects that I personally was high on. You know, your Jacoby Lanes, you know, you obviously Ted big Ted Hurst guy. >> Oh, yeah. Even like I'm I'm warming up a little bit more to the Jermaine Bernard landing spot after looking at some of the Metcalf and Pittman contract details, um where I think that could be a decent spot. Obviously, Drawler was a huge huge prospect, my guy for me, so I love that landing spot for him. I didn't actually know, I knew he grew up in Ohio, but I didn't know his family was Browns season ticket holders for like 20 years. I was like, why the hell do they look so upset

by this landing spot? Raiders traded up one pick, by the way. Oh, okay. So, the Raiders are now on the clock and um again, if you guys are curious, who are the best prospects still available? Um Washington running back Jonah Coleman, by far the best prospect in the model grade. Uh Indiana wide receiver Elijah Holywell, um by far the best receiver prospect still available who could very easily be the selection here at pick 101, which 101 might be fourth round capital, but 101 in other draft classes has been third round capital. Like Troy Franklin, for example, was the pick 100 uh three and he was a fourth round pick, but Danny Gray in my prospect model was a third round pick with pick 105. So, uh just depends on how many compensatory picks there normally is. We have both Penn State running backs still on the board, Keyatrond Allen, Nicholas Singleton, uh as far as like tight ends are concerned, Justin Jolly from NC State, uh Jack Endries from Texas, both on the board still. Eric McAllister will

probably be waiting a while, I would imagine uh today um from TCU, Emmet Johnson and Mike Washington, our running back, both haven't gone yet, and then pretty much the rest of the running back class as well. Um and then at quarterback, I mean, Cole Payton is interesting, Garrett Nussmeier kind of interesting as well. Sorry, I'm listening to Rapp talk about McCoy's knee. Um he's talking about the bone plug. I'm not sure if you saw that was the Twitter video, but Rapp's confirming it like that's why people are worried about McCoy. He's got the bone plug in his degenerative knee, and if he needed reconstruction surgery, they're going to have to like pull the bone from somewhere else. And like, if he has that surgery and it goes wrong, apparently, like it could end his career right there. Yeah. And they're saying he might need it in the next couple of years, which is why he's falling. So, it's like um >> [clears throat] >> I think didn't they say the same thing

about Tajae Spears when he was coming out? He didn't have an ACL. That was his thing. >> No, but he had a degenerative knee, they said, I remember. I'm not sure. I know um I'm pretty sure that was the same similar situation to Gurley, right? Cuz I know it was the uh the >> Yeah, it was something similar to that, and Gurley went question this pick. This is the pick that's the right spot for him. He goes back with Fernando Mendoza to the Las Vegas Raiders, who are starting Trey Tucker, Jack Besh, and a bunch of slappies at receiver. Holywell going here would be the absolute perfect perfect way to start today cuz he is the best receiver on the board, and he would be back with his college quarterback. Yeah, I guess my concern is like they've passed on him in like two relative ranges that he could have gone. But like uh >> haven't passed on him for receiver. Yeah, no, they passed on him for >> on him for other positions. So, again, you know, team building and whatnot.

>> they do it. Yeah, I'm hoping they do it, too. I mean, I wouldn't say no to like the other top receivers that we have in our grades here. We'd have um Eric McAllister, like I said, Bryce Young from NDSU, uh Skyler Bell, uh potentially as well, Jeff Caldwell, Brennan Thompson, those types of guys. Um enough waiting though, let's get the picking, guys. Like I've seen the pick is in for like I feel like three to five minutes. Let's go. >> classic um It's one thing to rinse clock in the first three rounds, in round four, come on, guys. Yeah, let's get the show on the road. Like I if I hear McAfee tell a 10-minute story again when he goes up there. >> No, I was crashing out. I'm like, my team hasn't picked yet, and I'm watch I'm watching people go on diatribes on the clock. Like >> Yeah, I know, he was going on diatribes. I was hungry, didn't eat dinner, my team hadn't picked. Like dude, as soon as we hopped off the live stream, I just

[ __ ] made myself some eggs. >> [laughter] >> Yeah. So, Jamar McCoy, Kyle Lewis, Danny Gray, Sutton, Mike Washington. I'm just looking at Mel's best available right now cuz I don't really pay attention to Kiper's rankings too too much. Malik Muhammad, Brennan Thompson, um Skyler Bell, yeah. Definitely some more so I would say it's weird cuz normally, I don't know about you, but I feel like when we go into day three of the draft, the best players are usually non-fantasy positions. Like I mean, other than McCoy, like that doesn't seem to be the case right now. Like it seems like most of the best players on the board are fantasy relevant positions. Yeah, um I'm actually kind of hoping the Cowboys leave the fourth round with the tight end. Like if we took like Jolly or something, I think I would that would make a lot of sense. Yeah, no, that would make some sense, for sure. I think >> the out in his deal after this year, so like Imagine Justin Jolly there? Like

>> Yeah, that would be a fun landing spot for him. Um Where would he go in rookie drafts then? Probably like early third? Yeah, I think so. Um so, I'm assuming the order that you have the tight ends is uh do you have Stowers over uh Clarity or Clarity over Stowers? >> I I have it just the pre-draft what I had it. Okay, so who is after those two guys for you though? They're literally in the order of Oh, there they go. Uh he goes off the board here. Uh Jamar McCoy. Yeah, Jamar McCoy was the selection, uh cornerback from one people expected to go very very early in the draft. Um Sounds like some knee issues caused him to fall. Um no Elijah Holywell again, which definitely hurts. Um but sorry. >> what are the tight ends there? Um I was going to say the order that I have them in is Claire, Stowers, and then obviously because Jolly's not off the board, I really do like the capital and landing spots for both Delp and Raerdon. I do have them in a tier, and actually I have them all

back-to-back-to-back-to-back right now. Like realistically, I think you could make the argument that the two worst grades I have got the best landing spots of the entire crop. Raerdon has the potential number one tight end after the year for Drake Maye in the long term. We talked about the other I I have them all back-to-back-to-back. I think like any order of them is fair. You can even have them as tight end two, honestly, and I wouldn't I wouldn't bat an eye there. Same thing with Delp. I mean, realistically, that's a spot. Yeah, the production wasn't there in college, but at the same time, I do trust the Saints to be able to get the best out of them, and I think Kellen Moore's a good offensive mind, and I realistically do think that there's the opportunity there as the efficient number three option in what I expect to be, you know, a top 10 to 12 level passing offense long term. I really do like for Delp. Like if he can fully translate that that athleticism into consistent

receiving volume, we could be talking about a guy developing into one of the best tight ends in the league. Yeah, as far as like um where these tight ends have found themselves among veterans for me, like um Sedeeq is uh my tight end eight. I actually moved uh Sam LaPorta ahead of him um just because I I I really don't love the Jets landing spot for Sedeeq. In short term, I think it's going to be more of an issue than long term, and ultimately >> I'm closer to putting him over Fannin than I am [ __ ] >> Yeah, there's I I just not on the same page there cuz I think best case scenario here for Sedeeq is he's the number two target for the Jets offense. I believe firmly that Amari Cooper's probably a better receiving talent than he is. So, that's why I'm like a little bit worried, plus >> Cooper, but I love Sedeeq more. We can say, oh, the Jets are going to get a quarterback, they're going to address the quarterback position. They haven't

had a quarterback since Joe Namath. Like it's not a guarantee that they'll actually figure this out. >> Maybe. They're in position to with three firsts, and also I'm just higher on Geno than you are, too. Yeah, I it's more of a pro draft, LaPorta, and Fannin take that I have Sedeeq after those guys. Jude Bowry. Boston College, okay. Ooh. Potential guard is Wait, wait, wait. On the graphic of the tackle you just drafted, it says potential guard. That's crazy. [laughter] Uh what do I do at 204? Allar or Jacoby Lane? Um it's like deciding between two children for me. Um yeah, he's 10 ft below the ground right now as we speak. >> Yeah, so Blake said, what do I do at 204? Allar or Jacoby Lane? Um I for the moment, again, we this is such a fluid process. We're talking through this stuff. We're going through it. >> Yeah, it depends on what you need. If If you're just looking for a pure like let's say you're an orphan situation,

take the best player on the board who can accumulate value, that kind of thing, I'd probably go with the quarterback just because Drew could really gain quite a bit of value. Um but if you're, you know, a wide receiver away or you need some depth at that position or whatever, I think like they're literally my um my 201, Allar, and my 202, Lane. So, at 204, I think either of them would be a value for you. Yeah, uh He said depth at both, honestly. Team is really solid. If the team is really solid and you have a lot of depth at receiver, I'm totally fine swinging for the fences on the quarterback, you know, accumulating value, becoming a starter, and you have a trade ship on your hands, or maybe it makes one of your other quarterbacks expendable or something. So, um that would be my thought process, but again, if you want to just go with Jacoby Lane and say, hey, he's probably going to get on the field a little sooner, he's probably going to make an impact a little faster, that that's totally fine

with me as well. I kind of have to rank Carson Beck over over Branch and Schribling, right? Um over who, Schribling? Branch and Schribling. Um I have Carson Beck over uh Schribling and Branch, yeah. Like I I like I think I agree. The way that I have those receivers that went yesterday are Boston, Lane, Bell, Hurst, Antonio Williams, Jermaine Bernard, and then amongst veterans, those guys are all in my top 55 to 60 receivers and then there's >> I haven't adjusted with the veterans yet. I'm going to do that after this. >> off after that group for me to like Stribling, Branch, and Bracewell who I think are more in like the 60s and early 70s of veterans. So, I actually have um I have it Boston, Hurst, Bell, Bernard. Then the next tier would be Williams, Lane, who I by the way had a tier below Hurst, Bell, and Bernard in my overall grades. Um they're they're at the 15-16 spot. I have the four tight ends in a row, Claire, Stowers, Delp, and Raerdon cuz like like I said, I think the two

later tight ends in my prospect grades had the better landing spots, but I also got like I kind of just balanced that out by putting them in a row in the same tier. Uh Drew Allar next at 21, Carson Beck at 22, Zachariah Branch at 23, De'Shawn Stribling at 24, all in the same tier 15 through 24. If you want to know my thoughts on the second round. And I have it as a slight tier from 11 to 15 or 11 to 14 versus 15, but like realistically you can even argue the tiers 11 through 24. I have it um right now I have it set up as a tier of 11 to 18. I have Stowers, Boston, Allar, Lane, Bell, Hurst, Antonio Williams, and Jermaine Bernard 11 to 18. And then my tier break there is Beck, Stribling, Branch, the tight ends essentially um with Raerdon, Claire, Bracewell, Black, Delp, Fields, and then I have Black and just because he went already like he was drafted, so. He's he's the tight end they literally drafted him for 13 personnel by the way. Sorry, give me one I'll be back in one

second. There you go. They drafted him for three tight end sets. Wrong thing. Yeah. How did I get removed? I do not know. Um Jets take Darrell Jackson Jr. Defensive tackle from Florida State 6'5 and 1/2 315 lbs. Um I guess I'll go through some of the questions here. Round four, let's go. Last round yeah, unfortunate there. Need some Keaton Allen love took a [ __ ] ton in best ball. Yeah, Keaton Allen here would be great. Um I don't think it's Take Lock at all. I think they all went in the same draft range and I actually really do like the Rams. I think you got to take your bet between him and Ferguson and I will be betting on Uh what do I do at the 204? Allar or Jacoby Lane? I we already answered this, but again, preference depends on what you need. Had an offer on the table the 108 and Purdy for Nico Collins and Bucky, would you take it with these results? Um so, Purdy would be the best asset there, but it's pretty close between him and Nico. And then at that point 108 versus

Bucky. 108 who do I currently have ranked? Is choo. Like Ty Simpson, Casey Conception, someone like that. I think it's a fair value. Like if you need a quarterback, I don't mind it, but if you don't need a quarterback, I don't mind just you know cashing in on Nico and Bucky there. Uh what pick is now the first round drop off? I would say after the 110 we definitely drop off to the point where 11 I don't view it much differently than the mid second. Mason Taylor I I did say he's dead. Dead that both honestly team is really solid. I think trading a late projected 28 first to move up from 106 to 104 and a one quarterback is too much to pay. That feels uh pretty steep in my opinion there. Feels pretty steep. Take Cooper or Simpson as a hard rebuilder with only one quarterback and 527 ones to Casey Price 1617 on the clock at 110. I think it depends who's available, but based on my board I do have Simpson in a tier with Conception and Cooper. So, by default if you're talking about it at

the 110, he's probably the last of that tier. So, I would totally be comfortable taking Simpson there. Oh, you said Cooper or Simpson. I would take Cooper in your spot. Sorry, let me specify. As a hard rebuilder with only one quarterback, I'd probably take Simpson to be honest. >> 527 ones though. I guess, but like I don't know when when I'm thinking of the type of team that can handle holding a value accumulator, I think this is the type of team that can handle it. Fair, but I would also say in our in defense like Omar Cooper could be a riser as well because he's going to produce right away. I don't know about that, man. I I like really like his landing spot for him to be honest. >> compared to the quarterback, let me specify cuz the quarterback's not going to play. Yeah. Also, I just I just viewed the the potential quarterbacks in next year's class over Simpson. Uh Caleb Proctor who was like a buzzy name, trendy name for I feel like every analyst I saw on Twitter. Yeah, no I

know what you mean. I just think that Simpson at least for year until he gets on the field will hold value whereas Cooper is could fluctuate in value depending on what happens. What if Sedeeq comes out guns a blazing? What if Garrett is Garrett still and you know commands all the targets and that kind of thing? I think the the fluctuation in value for Cooper is a lot sketchier than it is for Simpson because as long as Simpson's not on the field, he's probably not going to lose any value I would imagine. I guess that's just my indictment on Simpson versus next year's class cuz I actually in isolation have Simpson ranked above Cooper, but the context that you have 527 ones knowing that you can get an Arch, a Dante Moore or someone >> Why does why does it matter that you have 527 ones? I'm not clear why that matters. Yes, you can get a quarterback the next year, but we're not drafting for position as a hard rebuilder. >> No, I'm not I'm not saying that, but it

also would restrict you to a certain degree because then at that point you would have to eventually flip one of them. Like it just kind of tasks you with more I guess, but if Simpson becomes the starter for the Rams going into the 2027 season, he's probably going to be worth more than Cooper. >> I mean hey, if you're in an active league and you feel like you can be able to wheel and deal based off that and you don't mind stacking up three, four quarterbacks based off where those picks end up landing, by all means. I just think like if I'm personally trying to plan ahead and I know that there's a possibility I can take a quarterback or two next year, I don't mind taking a guy that I have in the same tier anyways with Simpson that I didn't have Cooper. I like I'm taking Cooper for the prospect obviously. I just think that in a situ- like in that situation I would just I would just take Simpson because I feel confident that he's going to hold his value until I'm ready to

compete. And it also gives you like it gives you the flexibility that in the 2027 draft, let's say there's a tier of players like you know Cam Coleman versus Dante Moore and you're on the board, you can just go Cam Coleman cuz he took Ty Simpson already. Sure, I guess I would argue back like you know I'm assuming then you don't have Simpson in the tier with Cooper cuz I do. No, I have him in the tier. He's just ahead of I have him 109. Fair. I have him 108 technically, but like I said I I if you're fine making more work for yourself, then by all means. I don't I but I it's not making more work if you just use him as one of your quarterbacks also. He didn't he didn't say like I have three quarterbacks already. He said I have one quarterback. Yeah, I guess my argument would be like even though we don't like the landing spot with Cooper, I still think there's upside as a prospect. Whereas like it could work out. It could be like a Michael Penix situation, but like are

you all all that feeling that well? I'm actually to be honest with you, I think that Simpson is probably closer to Dart or Love than he is to Penix as far as how it could work out. Ah. Like think about Jor- when Jordan was drafted, people drafted him knowing that >> Based off the grade, he's definitely closer to Penix for me. He had nearly an identical grade to Penix in my in my grades. Yeah, I mean he had a pretty similar grade to to Penix for me too, but Penix didn't go to the Los Angeles Rams. Sure, sure, but I mean I still think he inherited a good situation. He was just incredibly butt cheeks. Yeah. Like you got Drake London, Kyle Pitts, you got Bijan Robinson, you got a good offensive line, you had an offensive play caller as a head coach. Like you should have been a lot better than you were. >> Yeah, he should he should have been. You're right, but even still Penix was a top 15 dynasty quarterback last year. And would have been worth more than what I expect Cooper to be worth after his

rookie season. Yeah, again like the they're very close. I actually technically have Simpson higher. I just You could also be wrong about Simpson as well. We got to factor that in. What happens if we're wrong and he's Purdy? Fair, he could be. He could be. Uh but I'm also factoring in that I think Omar Cooper could also pay off in his own regard. Yeah, but I think it's a conversation that's going to need to be had for a lot of people is do you go Simpson? Do you go Cooper? Like full transparency, I expect them to keep Garrett Wilson along with the new rookies they took. But what if they just said, "Hey, you know what? Garrett Wilson, he's going to make a ton of money. We can cash in right now for send him to a contending team." Then at that point maybe they sell him for I it would probably be something that happens next off season or something. >> it's it's called the not for long league for a reason. Like if Sedeeq and Cooper both ball out and and Garrett's not

nearly as dominant target share wise because those guys are balling out. Like you said, it could make him expendable. Um my preference >> fine with either path. It's just more so me being pro quarterback in the 2027 class. If you get one of those picks early you know what >> point is relevant when you only have one quarterback on your team and it's a hard rebuild and you're just looking for value accumulators. I I don't personally think it's relevant to you have five >> I do think it's relevant when we're talking about same tier players. Like I said, I Cooper and Simpson are in the same tier. I do think it's relevant when you're planning ahead saying, "Hey, I have 527 ones." That if you have two guys in the same tier, why create more work for yourself? Especially knowing that inherently going in, "Oh, I absolutely want a quarterback from next year's class." Yeah, good point. Good point, Arthur. I I think either path is

fine. It's it's the same thought process I have to Price over Tyson to be honest is that Sedeeq and Simpson who I have ranked over Cooper are easier value accumulators at their respective positions cuz Sedeeq can become a top six, eight dynasty tight end, Simpson a top 20 dynasty quarterback. I don't see a massive massive production ceiling for Cooper right away, which means that he's not going to probably gain value unless he has really great advanced metrics like Burden had last year. Ca- so, counterpoint I have I have Cooper ranked as my wide receiver I believe 28 or 29. I have Simpson ranked as my quarterback 22. I feel like in startups they're probably going to go in relatively similar ranges give or take. Like we're probably talking about guys going in what round six just forecasting ahead. Yeah, give or take. Give or take round six, round seven. Uh may- maybe later in in some of your leagues, but I'm just kind of you know putting a number there. Um I'm just saying like again, there's no

wrong approach here. If you want to take Simpson because you're not as high on him >> Simpson. Let me be perfectly clear about that. I just think on a hard rebuild, he's not going to lose any value cuz what you could do also if you're in his situation, you take Simpson at 108, 109, or whatever. Let's say Stafford retires next off season, you could just sell high on Simpson. It has nothing to do with Simpson being a good quarterback or me thinking he's going to be a smash. I just think he's going to hold his value better than Cooper. Or Stafford signs a three Or Stafford signs a three-year extension. Like there's no difference there. >> I personally think he'll hold his value better than Cooper. That's pretty much what it comes down to. And on a hard rebuild, that's why I'd invest in it. On a regular team, if I was a contending team needing a player If that's your take, then you should have Simpson a tier ahead of him realistically. I I just said that on a

on a contending team, I would take Cooper. I'm saying in a hard rebuild, I would take Simpson. But like would you take Cooper on a contending team when you just said that you don't expect him to produce right away? Or would you I would I would rather roll the dice on him I guess on a contending team if that makes sense. But I guess what you're saying like in the situation that you're going to value one or the other, which is mostly rebuild {slash} not high-end contending situations, you would value Simpson above him. So theoretically, shouldn't you have a tier difference? Cuz to me like the context does matter of the team construction. Well, I I wouldn't say it doesn't sound like it does. It's not a team difference or a tier difference conversation. I think it's totally fair what you're arguing. Well, you said uh regardless, regardless of team construction, you should be taking Simpson in a rebuild. If that's the sentiment, I feel like you should have

him a tier above. Right, but >> Cuz I I do think Not everyone's a rebuild though. I get that, but I don't think either of these guys are contending assets. And the situation where either of these guys is valuable to your team construction would be mostly in a rebuild house money situation, and you kind of just said there regardless of how your team's constructed, you would take him over Cooper. Right, but where are they going in drafts? Where contending teams are picking. I mean, I guess, but like realistically like I said, if you're a contending team, you're probably not going to have much use for either in in comparison to the veteran they can get you. Yeah. Again, we this is a conversation that's going to need to be had by a lot of >> That's why we're having it. >> That's why we're having the conversation. >> I have Simpson ranked above Cooper, but because they're in the same tier, that's why I'm like, if you have five 27 ones,

I'd be totally comfortable punting cuz I am high on that 27 quarterback class especially at the top. And if you have five 27 ones, you're probably in a position to get one of those guys. Yeah. I I could say the same argument for the receiver position in that class though for what it's worth. Fair, I mean, I I think it's more unproven after Jeremiah. Like I we like to see him To be honest with you, I feel better about the receiver position taking a step forward than I do about the quarterback position. Just cuz of sheer numbers, I understand the quarterback love, but just quarterbacks the way that they go with NIL money and stuff, I expect half the quarterbacks we think will be in the class to not be. Well, I guess my argument would be I think it's far more likely that two or three quarterbacks are within the top six of ADP than two or three wide receivers are next year. Yeah. >> Like I think Dante Moore and Arch Manning are going to be at least locks to go in the top four, and then maybe

like a Sayin kind of enters that group or something. Yeah, but I I I think we're going to get like Cam Coleman being dominant and like some of these other like we're going to get step forward from them. Anyways, we we can move on. The Los Angeles Chargers made >> [laughter] >> five. Um Brendan Thompson, wide receiver from Miss State, notoriously ran a 426 at the NFL Scouting Combine. He's very fast. I think he had pretty solid route running ability especially guy who did work on the outside and not in the slot even though he's probably going to play like slot role in the NFL. He has good, you know, burst after the catch, decent production. He's a scrappy player, but he is obviously very undersized at 164 lbs. As a result, not a ton of contested catches under his belt, not a ton of play strength, and his numbers are not great. Like he was decently productive, I would say, but like even like my comp for him, Tezz Johnson, like Tezz was way, way more productive than Brendan Thompson. So

that's kind of to me a high-end ceiling comp for Brendan Thompson as he turns into Tezz Johnson. >> Mine was like the more realistic like Calvin Austin. For what it's worth, I did think his ability on the outside in terms of his release package especially against tight man coverage was there. I mean, he was a double move savant as well. He would be able to sell [ __ ] curls and verticals like nobody's business. The issue that I have though is even though he played majority on the outside in college, uh when I did the prospect video for him, I mentioned that the comp Calvin Austin. Calvin Austin was like a 90% outside rate player in college. He goes to the NFL and he is a vertical slot player. Unfortunately with Brendan Thompson, you can say, "Well, he played a lot of the outside in college." Well, when you're 5'9 165 lbs, an NFL coach is going to look at you and say, "Get your tween cast in the slot." You know what's uh you know what's really discouraging for

players like Brendan Thompson? That Xavier Worthy hasn't hit yet. Cuz Xavier Worthy is the super side like supercharged version of Brendan Thompson. Like all the production in the world, early declare, super good at a at a big school. Like if a guy like Xavier Worthy hasn't become super fantasy relevant yet, that's discouraging for players like Brendan Thompson who are essentially way worse versions of the prospect Xavier Worthy and Hollywood Brown were for for what it's worth as well cuz Hollywood was kind of Xavier Worthy before Xavier Worthy. Yeah. I I mean, as an NFL fit, I don't mind it cuz I mean, this is just vertical speed. >> Special teams, fourth receiver, perfect setup for for that. Obviously, you know, sneaky kind of nice for for Justin Herbert. And if you if you're in a dynasty best ball league and you have Justin Herbert on your team and you're on the board at the 309 or whatever and you're like, "I'll take Brendan Thompson. He can get me some good weeks

and I have him stacked up with his quarterback or whatever." Like that's not bad. Can we get uh Justin Jole here maybe? Yeah. We'll see. Denver's on the clock here. I hope this is a prediction from Vitamin, but honestly, if you spoiled it, I'll be happy as well. So Yeah. Uh yeah, make sure you write prediction >> Reminder, let's only do predictions and not uh let's not actually spoil the picks. But like I said, if it is a spoil, I will be very excited about it. Yeah, I also that's a good point. Hopefully Jole doesn't go here cuz he could go next pick. Yeah, I would rather him go to Denver of the two landing spots. So Yeah, these picks are really, really taking a while. >> [ __ ] get it going. We're in the fourth round. Yeah, I would like to see these picks go in 5 minutes flat, you know what I'm saying? >> Like we don't need diatribes anymore on the mic. Like [ __ ] I don't care about your [ __ ] life story, buddy.

Holy [ __ ] You talking about Drew on the broadcast? I don't know. These guys are just yapping. [ __ ] yappuccino over here. Had to stop by to say LFG. Yeah, the Broncos are on the clock right now, buddy. So let's get it going here. >> We need it. Yeah. If let's say if Jole goes here, um Jole versus Raerdon, who would you prefer? Raerdon. You'd prefer the third round capital of Raerdon on the Patriots? It's close. Um I had I had a tier grade ahead on Jole as I did on like for me, the reason I moved Jole the reason I moved Raerdon over Claire is cuz they were in the same bucket. They were both top 75 talents in my grade, 79.5, 77.5, and I liked the landing spot a lot better and I'm willing to sacrifice a little on the capital because >> Jole rated higher than I did. So like that's why I'm >> I had Jole as a top 50 grade though. So if Jole goes here to the Broncos, I'd actually probably take him tight end three still. That's reasonable. And he definitely

will still be tight end three in the prospect model cuz he's projected to go in the fourth round and he was the entire time. So if he actually goes in the fourth round, he would still be tight end three in the model anyways. Yeah, that makes sense. Um This is definitely going to be one of those drafts, fellas, where you got to dig through the capital a little bit. You got it like cuz people are going to do the thing where they're like, "Hmm, do I take De'Shawn Shribling 33rd overall capital or do I take a prospect who everyone agreed was a way better prospect who got third round capital like Ted Hearst or Jeremy Bernard?" Or I guess Bernard went in the second round, but um you know what I mean? Like people just following the draft capital this year are probably going to draft some pretty bad dynasty rookie picks. Um also I mean, they're going to look like the 49ers. Like the the 49ers draft might be one of the most horrific things I've seen. Sorry, Dylan. Speaking of the

49ers, they're about to make a selection right now. >> Yeah, bro. Two of the three picks were De'Shawn Shribling and [ __ ] Keelan Black. Yeah, Keelan Black is um the the worst third round running back since Ty Davis-Price in the prospect model. >> [snorts] >> They took a DT. Okay. Well, they're taking all their meat and potatoes. Is the fifth round about to be a bonanza for fantasy players? Like we saw I remember like yesterday we were like >> Dookie splash is crazy. >> [laughter] >> What do you think of Chris Bell by the way? Um I have him pretty high actually. I think he's my 14th overall a 13th overall player. 13, huh? I really like the opportunity there. >> I can get there with him for sure. Like the only reason I don't have him that high is cuz I had higher grades on Allor and Lane respectively, but he's 15 for me. Well, he I think he was my wide receiver 10 entering the draft, and I really did like he raised a little bit

That's what it was. Yeah, he raised a little bit cuz I I do think there's wide open opportunity there. Miami's not the team that's going to rush him. Yeah, sure, maybe it's more of a red shirt first half of the year, but I can see him being a guy that we pick up off waivers in week 12 and he's one of the playoff winners cuz there's so much opportunity in Miami for him to be I mean, at the end of the season, can he be a five to eight target per game type of player? Yeah, they haven't added really anything and >> Please be Jole. Denver. I'm behind you. Please be Jole. OH. >> [laughter] >> YO, RJ Harvey in the dirt. Dirt. >> Oh, dude. Let's go. We are hyped up for our New Kendre Miller just dropped. Yeah, the new Kendre Miller dropped, fellas. Holy Low-key, bro. I mean, good thing uh was it you that was waiting for day three to happen before you made your pick in the mock? >> I'm going to take I probably will take Kendre Miller now in the draft that

we're doing. >> Holy >> So, here's the thing. Kendre Miller, you guys can go, "Oh man, fourth-round capital. That's brutal." When a great prospect like Kendre Miller falls to the fourth round, Kendre Miller, I will input his capital right now in the prospect model. Kendre Miller in the prospect model is an RB1 upside prospect with pick 108th overall draft capital. Kendre Miller is officially the best running back, second best running back to ever be drafted on day three. The best running back to ever be drafted on day three, Kendre Miller last year. So, with Kendre, well, hold on, I got one more pick coming in here. Let's see what happens here. >> Chiefs Chiefs receiver Chiefs just traded up for this pick, I think, as well. They were originally on the clock, I think. >> Imagine Bryce Lance? Yeah, that would be pretty crazy. Okay, we'll talk about Kendre in a moment. Yeah. Okay, they're taking forever to make this pick. >> Brad is just telling his whole life

story on the mic right now. Okay, he's giving a quick shout-out. I'm talking about Kendre Miller here. >> shout-out. I don't give a [ __ ] about your shout-out, Brad. Okay, Kendre Miller has great contact balance and excellent receiving profile. As you can see there, his traits grade in the prospect models in the 100th percentile. Isn't that insane? You might be like, "How is his traits grade that high? He's not that good of an athlete." That is how good his on-field efficiencies are. His yards after contact per attempt, his you know, drop rate, his like anything elusiveness rating, like all of that stuff is excellent in the in the prospect model, which is why he has such a high traits grade. This is a dude that does rival the likes of Kendre Miller last year. As you can see, that was the median comp for him, ceiling comp being Alvin Kamara. Had he gotten third-round capital, that's about where he would have been ranked. Um and he's still pretty close by that. The um

worst-case scenario here we're talking about is like, okay, maybe he's like Kenneth Dixon, who was like a good prospect who went like early day three. Like, I don't know, man. Kendre going to the Broncos, this is a great fit. JK's on a one-year deal. RJ Harvey's probably not suited to be an early down guy. Like, Kendre straight-up better prospect than RJ Harvey in the model. >> Not even close. Like, he's in the model better than RJ Harvey. >> because that number one fit right there, Denver, like this is a match made in heaven. They needed a physical between the tackles runner, one of the best success rate run-blocking offensive lines in the entire NFL. I actually think they were number one and it wasn't close. It's just they were getting inefficient running once JK Dobbins went went down. Unfortunately for RJ Harvey, you know, find space back, good third-down back, he was not built to handle 15 carries, 18 carries between the tackles on a week-in, week-out

basis. JK Dobbins, as we know, every time he does, he ends up getting hurt by week seven in the NFL season. Kendre Miller is a bat from [ __ ] a bat bull in a china shop, 220-lb back. Sean Payton's going to look at him and say, "Oh my god, I just got Mark Ingram back to my team. Let's [ __ ] go." That's what he's going to say cuz this is Mark Ingram 2.0, man. Mark Ingram in the first round, different era of the NFL, but There have been two RB1 upside prospect-tier players drafted on day three of the NFL draft. Kendre Miller and Kendre Miller are those two players. And the next players below that are like Roschon Johnson, Dylan Sampson, like you see Chase Brown, Aaron Jones, like this is a great, great running back prospect to be following day two or day three. I'm going to ask you something outrageous here. Is it crazy to say he should not be in the same tier with Kendre Miller and Cooper? Um I think it's crazy to take him over those guys, which is why how I do my

tiers. Like, when I do a tier, I'm like, okay, I could reasonably make an argument for any one of the players in this tier to be the first player in this tier, and I cannot make an argument to take fourth-round Kendre Miller over Kendre Miller or Ty Simpson because of the capital that they got. That's reasonable. The reason why I asked is if we look at rookie drafts last year, I mean, if you said it sounds crazy, I know, but if you said, "Hey, this back end of the first-round wide receiver that just went, you probably should have ended up taking Kendre Miller over him." Yeah, I mean >> Like it sounds crazy at the moment, but obviously there is hindsight bias here that Kendre Miller did work out and maybe you know the late first wide receiver that I mean I'm I'm trying to even think like who was in that range last year that I'm mistaken like uh >> Uh Matthew Golden? Matthew Golden, yeah. If you said last year, "I will be taking Kendre Miller

over Matthew Golden on the clock." I mean, is I I like Cooper. I like Cooper a lot, but like is it all that different Well, here's here's Let's put it into perspective here. Kendre Miller, RB1 upside prospect in the prospect model. RB1 upsides guys in the prospect model have a 60% chance of hitting a top a 15-point per game season. You know what Matthew Golden was in the prospect model? A wide receiver two upside prospect, which has a 33% chance of hitting the uh a season in which they score 15 plus points per game. So, I don't just by pure hit rates in the prospect model, make the argument that Kendre Miller, who is a wide receiver two upside prospect in the model, Ty Simpson, who is a quarterback two upside prospect in the prospect model, which is like very, very low hit rates, but because he went to the Rams and you know, they hand-picked him and all this [ __ ] you can make the argument >> [laughter] >> You can make the argument that Kendre Miller is still the 107 in this class

even despite going fourth over or fourth round. But, I'm not going to probably get him that high just because of the capital. But, He's got to be 111. He's got to be 111. >> I think you've convinced me that he's in this tier at the end of it. He's got to be 111, I think, um at the very minimum. And Yeah, he was already I instantly moved him there. I'm saying I think you convinced me he's in this tier. Talking about wide landscape, is it crazy to say he's in the tier with like Javonte Etienne, Jacobs, and Henry in Dynasty? Like top 25 as an RB? Yeah, actually let me pull up my my um veteran rankings here. >> Let me ask you this, him or Roschon Kendre Miller or Roschon Johnson? >> It's got to be at least same tier. Yeah, it'll be same tier. So, the tier that I have Roschon Johnson in is Etienne 21, Javonte Williams 22, Jacobs 23. Um Roschon Johnson is at 24 in that tier. In that tier, I think >> not even remotely close. Yeah, I would

rather have Kendre Miller for sure. By a lot for me. Roschon I would rather have Roschon Johnson between those two guys because Roschon Johnson was the same almost the same caliber of prospect, and Roschon Johnson has a very clear runway to be the starting running back for a an offense that is probably going to give him more touches at least early on in his season here. But I'm like comfortably taking him over like D'Andre Swift and Co. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Like, I have this tier is now RB20 Travis Etienne, Javonte Williams RB21, Jacobs RB22, Roschon Johnson RB23, and Kendre Miller is now my RB24 in Dynasty. Yeah. I I I I think And then below that you have Derrick Henrys of the worlds, D'Andre Swifts of the world. I think I got probably got to move Swift up a little bit since they haven't addressed the running back position at all. Like, is it crazy to say he should like again, like I think 24 is where you had him. I think him, Jacobs, Henry, Etienne, Javonte, Roschon are going to

be in that tier for me. The tier above them would be like Barkley, Hendo, Judkins, Kyren, Kendre Miller, like Bucky Irving if you're low on him, you can consider in that area. I have him slightly above, but >> to move Alger down, too, unfortunately. Um Roschon is your Can I ask you this? Is Roschon Is Roschon White like RB26 in Dynasty? Yeah, I'm going to have to move him up. I'm going to have to take a look at that, but I mean, [ __ ] Um Also, you see who went? No, my stream just literally cut out on me. Fantasy relevant. Oh, yeah, I did just see it. Pretty interesting. Yeah, I mean, I liked him. I I actually really liked him when I watched him. I think he has some redeeming qualities um for sure. Um so, the selection was >> [music] [bell] >> quarterback from Clemson goes to the New York Jets, which I said this to you, Danny. Um I said if I were the Jets, what I would do is roll with Geno Smith, take a third, fourth, fifth-round quarterback with a lot of college

experience who has some upside, which Cade fits the bill for. He has a lot of starts, high recruit at one point in time. Um the the ceiling here is that he could maybe start at the end of the season, show some things, and maybe do a Tyler Shock. That's going to be his window to get on the field cuz he might never get an opportunity to start again. But, Cade was a really like Mason knows. He played at Austin Westlake, which was a huge school Drew Brees and Nick Foles both played at in high school coming out, five-star recruit, goes to Clemson, has 43 total touchdowns as a true junior, really down season this year. I don't know what happened, but Cade going to the Jets is very interesting to me because he has some weapons if he gets on the field. That's that's why I'm excited. He has an offensive line. Frank Reich is his coach. Hopefully he's fired by the time Cade Klubnik gets out there, to be honest. Yeah, um also, if you don't mind, too, Mason, I'm going to

have to wait a little bit before I make that 112 or whatever it is. I don't know. You think you're going to take someone I could. I mean, [ __ ] Is there somebody that could still go that you would take? I mean, Roschon maybe. >> well, you're going to take Kendre Miller. He's a clear tier break. Like, I just want to see like maybe Roschon and stuff if they get good spots. 111 bag holders just got bailed out for sure cuz I'm not going to sit here and say that Kendre Miller going fourth round is like excellent news. You would have definitely rather him gone third round even to like the Vikings or something like that. But, Coleman going fourth round to the Broncos is definitely better than what could have happened, which is like fifth round to the Saints or something like that. Yeah. I'll just Mason, I'm just going to I'm going to rip it on my phone really quick. Danny, if you won't mind holding holding down the fort here. Mason, if you're around, you can pop in here if

you want. Yeah, I'm just going to record on my phone. He's saying you could even do it on stream and you can edit from there. >> Okay, fair enough. Um I'll just do it on my phone quick. Yeah, go nuts. 111 bag holder present. Um here, let me go to the big view. I think we need to talk about Coleman for another 10 minutes. Not even sarcasm. I mean, yeah, [ __ ] It is um very big news obviously if you were holding rookie picks cuz uh the fact that we're even talking about a fourth round running back as the savior at 111 just kind of speaks volumes to how dog [ __ ] poopoo caca this class is uh considering last year how many Cam Akers was what 204 205 205 206 uh in some. Suddenly I'm at the gym right now. We'll hop in at some point. Yeah, sounds good, brother. Sounds good. Uh take your time. Get that get that pump in for real. Would you take 110 and 27 first and give away the 104 104 for looking is currently Mekhi Becton for me. If you offered me 110 plus a 27 first assuming

that first doesn't project like guaranteed 111 112, I think you have to take that. And uh yes, the Cowboys are up. We'll see if it's fantasy relevant. We'll see if it's offense or we'll see if they uh continue doing that defensive overhaul. Uh so far very impressed with what they've been able to do. They acquire these two forwards in the maneuvering in the first round and uh yeah, D'Onta Foreman trade contribute right away. See who this is. Select. Okay. Good an offensive tackle. I don't mind that. Uh Replaced Olu Fashanu in the lineup. Uh I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to act like I am completely familiar. Uh but if you guys are avid tackle enjoyers, you can let me know on Darian Shelton. Um Developmental guy. See what Lance Zierlein had written up. Uh good backup with the potential to develop into a starter. Round four or five. Okay, so we took him about in line with where he was. Also, Danny, Zach is on the clock after you and he's probably asleep, so no big

rush. Yeah, sounds good. Yeah, I'll take it. I'll take it. You can never have too many offensive tackle options especially watching Chuma Edoga enter the lineup last year when Quinton got hurt, so Yeah, you have Jona Coleman in a couple devy leagues, right? Yeah, I have him in both. That's I have two of three. That's not bad news for you then. Yeah, we take that all day. Definitely uh definitely big news. Who did the um Cowboys just took a tackle. Okay. They pick again 114, too. Cowboys just took a tackle. Yeah, offensive tackle. Oh, okay, this thing wasn't updated. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. >> Kate Kate's an interesting one, man. Kate's very interesting. I'm not going to lie. I might have to make a player card for him, too, as well. Yeah, I'm definitely going to have to watch a few guys. Yeah, I'm definitely going to have to watch a few guys. Yeah, Kate I think Kate Beck and um Keilan Black you're definitely going to have to grade for sure given the capital that those guys

got. Yeah. Kate legit chance to start, man. I think the Jets getting him that's that's a really >> I think Geno's going to start, but he could come in maybe. Yeah, of course. I'm thinking when I say I like Kate, I'm speaking from the perspective of somebody who's going to take a fourth round dart throw on the guy or a third round late third round dart throw on the guy because I do think at some point during the season the Jets are not going to win games. They're not going to be in a winning position and the front office has three 27 first next year. So, Kate Klubnik very well might end up being their long-term backup quarterback. Like it's a fourth round pick. Fourth round picks are often spent on backups across all NFL positions. So, if Kate becomes a long-term backup for the Jets, that's actually a good pick by them. However, if they're two and nine by week 11, they might put him on the field and if he goes out there and balls the [ __ ] out

like Tyler Shuck did at the end of his rookie season, then you might end up getting a very very cheap caught like quarterback three or quarterback two option in dynasty for a third 311 type of rookie pick. It's an uphill battle obviously. The Jets are very clearly aiming for a quarterback in 2027, but I think Kate is interesting. Interesting at least. Like I'm actually much I'm I'm a lot happier that All didn't go here cuz it's a tough situation. You really got to perform once you get on the field. So, uh David Gauthier put out a poll, choose your fighter. Denzel Boston, Antonio Williams, Jona Coleman. Jona Coleman's clear last on the poll with only 15.4% of the votes. Oh, I would take Jona Coleman not even close. >> a baby. Yeah, what? Who was the other >> Someone said this shouldn't be close. Boston, Antonio Williams, and Jona Coleman. >> Oh, it's not even close, man. >> Jona Coleman has 10% of the votes with 40 votes and and that was with me voting

for him. Yeah, that's nuts, man. And somebody commented this shouldn't be close. Yeah, you're right, it shouldn't be close. It shouldn't be close for Coleman. What? Yeah, Jona I mean, okay, so what does Coleman do to Harvey? Like Coleman was a better prospect, guys. Way better. RJ was good on a basis of touchdowns only as a rookie essentially. Like the only reason RJ Harvey had fantasy relevance last year is cuz Dobbins got hurt and RJ Harvey was scoring touchdowns. That's pretty much it. Could Is there a world that exists where RJ Harvey holds that job, fends off Coleman, etc.? Yeah, but I do think this is going to be an offense where one of them is going to take a 1A role, an early down ball carrier role and that 1A is probably going to be Coleman cuz he's much better at it. So, um for me, yeah, I look Is this risky to take Jona Coleman 111 or wherever we're going to rank him? Yeah, he's a fourth round running back. But, can I ask you a question? Who would you rather take

other than him? Like you're going to take Denzel Boston, the potential third target for the Cleveland Browns who have no quarterback? You going to take Eli Stove who's playing behind Dallas Goedert and his ceiling is the third target in his offense and the best place for him? They just took a receiver in the first round who's going to play that role? So, this would have merit in theory, but Sean Payton A doesn't give a [ __ ] about draft capital. He reached on RJ Harvey. Reached. And C, we saw so many times last year in critical moments where he needed a running back to touch the football. How many times did RJ Harvey come out even after Dobbins got injured? Like realistically, he needed a dependable option third and short, fourth and goal. A guy that he can trust to get those positive yards and Jona Coleman is one of the best positive yardage gainers in this entire class. Sure, you're probably not going to get an influx of the 40-plus yard plays, but I can trust Jona Coleman

to get the most out of every single play in his capacity of the of his athleticism. And also, his athleticism is more so long stride long play type of deficient. His short area burst, his quick feet in the hole are a big time asset. Bro, this has got uh Denver Broncos fans will obviously remember this player cuz he was there for a long time. Dude, this has got C.J. Anderson written all over it. Oh, yeah. C.J. Anderson was what pick in the draft? Um probably a similar range, no? Like day three guy. C.J. Anderson draft. Um he went undrafted. 518 225 >> undrafted. Okay, so but 5'9" 225 lbs almost exactly Jona Coleman's measurables. Like this has got C.J. Anderson 2.0 written all over it. Again, I'm not going to completely discount Isn't this going to be a classic Payton committee? Very valid point. RJ Harvey could absolutely still be involved. Um RJ Harvey could still be the 1A in this backfield. But, RJ Harvey was the consensus 110th overall player in last year's draft

according to NFL Mock Draft Database. PFF was really high on RJ Harvey and they only had him 79th overall. He was the 60th pick >> [laughter] >> in the draft. I'll tell you what my hands are doing. 60th pick in the draft for a guy who was 110th on the big board on NFL Mock Draft Database, RJ Harvey. You and I both thought RJ Harvey really good third fourth round running back. Like Tooten and and Scat Abu where they went in the draft, it would have made way more sense for the Broncos to take Scat Abu at 60 and RJ Harvey to go at the pick where um Scat Abu was selected as far as where they were expected to go. So, as far as I'm concerned, you got two guys, Coleman and Harvey, who should have been third fourth round running backs. One of them has a an FSC grade of uh 71.81% Sorry, 71.4% with fourth round draft capital and the other with 60th overall draft capital had 69.28% FSC grade. If you gave RJ Harvey 104th overall draft capital or whatever 108th overall draft capital, RJ

Harvey would be a full eight percentage points lower as a prospect than Jona Coleman. Um Devin Moore, cornerback. Let me take a look. Yeah, this is kind of my thought process as well. I think that Jona Coleman will probably be the guy at some point during his rookie season. Going to be a mess year one, but Danny, you know what's going to you know what's going to be fun about Jona Coleman? Redraft. Oh, yeah. He's going >> Cuz he's going to be the classic take the ambiguous backfield situation lowest cost guy highest rated prospect that you could have. Like think about for those of you guys that took Cam Akers Abu in redraft, it it could feel very similar taking Jona Coleman as far as what ended up happening there, so Um Makes a lot of sense. Yeah, Coleman probably the goal line guy, probably the early down guy. I would assume Dobbins will fend him off year one because Dobbins is still a good player, but um yeah. Uh can anyone confidently tell me this isn't the worst? I mean, it it's not

great. Like I would have rather Jona Coleman gone third round to the Vikings or third round to the Commanders or something. >> Washington, yeah. Ultimately, like Coleman was never going to go high enough to the point that he wasn't going to have to earn his job. Oh, no, Corey, YOUR GUYS. >> [laughter] >> THAT'S NOT GOOD. >> [gasps] >> OH, MAN. Who do you prefer? >> [music] >> Oh. Oh, no. The Baltimore Ravens after selecting a certified my guy in the third round, Jacoby Lane, they just selected a third certified my guy, certified, um in Elijah Serrat in the fourth round. Now, how are these guys going to coexist? I mean, Baltimore is going to have some nice red zone receivers because Elijah Serrat had more red zone touchdowns in college football than anybody over the last 2 years, and Jacoby Lane's highlight reel in the red zone might be the best in college football, especially factoring in his 12 as a sophomore. So, I mean, Serrat, Lane, Flowers, love the

receiving core that they're building out there from a real life perspective. Love it for Lamar Jackson, but from a fantasy perspective, what's what's going to give here? Is Zay Flowers not going to get extended? Is um Serrat going to be not that involved on the early downs? Like, what it kind of reminds me of a little bit, and I hate to say this for Serrat's perspective, Taiwan Wallace, analytics darling, he went to the Baltimore Ravens, didn't really work out. That's the thing I worry about with Serrat. However, I liked both prospects, Lane, Serrat. Am I going to take them on the same team, same dynasty team? Hell no. But, I'm going to take them both pretty high in rookie drafts on the prospects. >> Are you going to be Lane over Serrat or Serrat over Lane? Um Oof. I think I'm leaning Serrat over Lane. So, the prospect model suggests I should be Serrat over Lane, and I would probably agree with that. Like, Serrat just went with what selection? The 115th selection? Yeah.

The prospect model has uh Serrat over Lane by 0.26%. So, it's very close. Both of these guys are right in the same range. They're both uh wide receiver three upside prospects. So, we're talking Yeah, at 208 and 209, you bet your ass I'll take both. Yeah, exactly. Kind of the the type of uh thing I would be doing as well. Did Bush become a Ravens fan? Yeah, apparently they just drafted him. >> What if this is a running back? Yeah, so, the Bucks are on the clock, so, I want to pay attention to this here. I would be very comfortable taking a corner if there's any available, but I don't know if any are on the board here. Cowboys just took a 6-3 corner. I I'd also be okay with an offensive guard or something as well. I I could go for a meat and potatoes pick here, but I also wouldn't say no to Keaton Allen or Nick Singleton, either. Oh, yeah, Keaton would be fun. Bro, these guys >> you being a Ravens fan is better than your former Jets fandom. Yeah, that's a

very very good point. This is a draft where she played dynasty best ball, facts. Oh, yeah. Okay, what are they doing here? >> what this guy goes with. That's a great pick. >> That's a great pick. Yeah, that is a great pick. Wow, okay. >> Yeah, that's a great pick. What a great draft we're having so far, I can't lie. Um he almost went in the first round. I thought he got some second round buzz, didn't he at one point? Oh, yeah. Well, like, dude, that's perfect to you. Anytime that you have uh Antoine playing further back, you got another guy that can play in the nickel. Yeah, I love that, man. I I can't lie, that's a really >> Aggressive, feisty nickel corner. Um I I would have also been okay with uh with Justin Jolly there. I think he would have been a good fit, but yeah, I'm I'm glad we just got Keionte Scott because Yeah. Um right now in our secondary, uh we let um Jamel Dean walk in free agency. So, opposite Zion McCollum, who had a pretty bad season

last year, and Jacob Phillips, who we obviously hit big on in the third round in the slot, um we were relying on Benjamin Morrison, who was coming off of a pretty down rookie season, looked a little bit in over his head. Todd Bowles is a very complex scheme, so, Carlton looked that way as a rookie, Dean looked that way as a rookie, McCollum looked that way as a rookie. Everyone, Murphy-Bunting looked that way as a rookie. Anybody who's a DB who plays with Todd Bowles, they're going to be in over their head a little bit as a sec as a first-year player. So, Benjamin Morrison, hopefully he'll be our starting outside corner opposite McCollum, but Keionte Scott, I wanted them to take another corner because it's good insurance in case Morrison isn't ready, and Scott can come in as a guy who 5'10 1/2, 193 lbs, ran a 4.33 as well, and that's what Dean brought to our secondary was he was the fastest guy in our secondary. So, it it helped us when we played a speed receiver.

Um but, love the love the fit, honestly. I really like the um the fit for him. >> agree, by the way. I do think our team's got the two best [ __ ] picks in the draft. Yeah, no, I I I love it. Um Serrat to the Ravens, man, you love to see it. I uh I Ultimately, Baltimore has needed a player like Serrat for a long, long, long time. So, I think it's a great fit. I like both of them. Lane and Serrat, I'm going to be in on both at cost. Am I going to draft them on the same dynasty roster? No, but I'm going to draft them both. Avery, where do you have Serrat ranked? You taking Serrat over Williams? Antonio? >> Antonio Williams? Oh, yeah, sure. >> I would, too. I moved Serrat to 16 overall, and honestly, he's probably in the tier with like Bernard and Bell and stuff. Just based on my prospect model. >> I'm going to move Bell above Lane now, for sure, because Easily, yeah. Yeah, cuz he didn't have that guy drafted to his situation, but I I'm going to take

Oh, bro, it it hurts your other favorite wide receiver, bro. Baltimore just drafted three wide receivers. >> I think um Serrat Serrat can play like a bully ball role, which they haven't really had, which is great. >> And uh Lane can just be a red zone threat for them. I actually just think that this is ultimately excellent, excellent news for for Lamar Jackson. Like, he's got way more receivers than he's ever had before. Yeah. Yeah, but bro, imagine the Jets took him, too. I thought they just said Travis Barker is who they just selected. I'm like, they just took Blink-182's drummer? Yeah, bro. Uh Avery and Nathan probably crying tears of joy Jets didn't get another Indiana guy. Yeah, for sure. Um Serrat can't separate. I mean, I just don't agree. Serrat, to give you an idea, against man coverage, uh JP, you're correct, he struggles to separate at times, but A, he's dominant at the catch point. So, you can throw it up to the guy and he'll come down with it. And

B, 82nd percentile zone coverage win rate in the in Reception Perception, only Jordan Tyson was better in this class. So, yeah, maybe he can't separate that great against man coverage. You know what he's going to see 75% of the time in the NFL? Zone coverage, which he can separate against. Also, this is the corniest [ __ ] I've ever seen, Giants. Like, really, they tweeted this? Welcome to the neighborhood. They combined neighbors and hood into a [ __ ] graphic and said, "Welcome to the neighborhood." I kind of really like that, actually. It's the cringiest [ __ ] I've ever seen. I'm being so for real, the Panthers made the playoffs, and their audition offseason editions are nice. They kind of sneaky. Yeah, dude, the Panthers, anybody thinks the Falcons are going to be the best team in the NFC South are on planet Mars. It's it's the Bucks versus Panthers and Saints. Those are the three teams. I got the Saints. I got the Saints. >> I think that the Panthers and Bucks and

Saints could all be some of the most improved teams in the NFL next year. I wouldn't Like, I'm not going to go and say, "Oh, we're going to have three teams make the playoffs," cuz that's so unlikely for the NFC South, but it wouldn't shock me if two NFC NFC South teams made the playoffs this year. Yeah. I could I could I would be shocked, I'm not going to lie. I'm I just think the the NFC's really deep. Lakers Lakers highlight hit this morning. >> Bro, I'm telling you, did you see the comeback? They were [ __ ] down by six with 35 seconds left. The Houston had two of the worst turnovers I've ever seen in the last second stretch. Like, they sold that game bad. >> All four NFC South teams going 9 and 8 would be really funny, I can't lie. NFC South need Dude, I'm telling you, the NFC South, the Saints, the Bucks, and the Panthers, I think that they're let's call them three of the best 10 teams in the NFC. I'm not going to go

crazy and say that they're all excellent. >> Now, I got to look at the NFC. Okay. I think that they're the the third best team in the NFC South to me is New Orleans. I think that New Orleans has a chance to be the second best team in the other NFC divisions not named the West. I disagree. I think they're a decent team. Eh. Didn't the Panthers have a losing record? I believe the Panthers went 9 and 8 if I'm not mistaken. For what it's worth, I think the first best team in the NFC South is comparable to like the second or third best team in other divisions. I I just dis I think I think right now, yeah, you you easily say that. I just think all those teams have addressed their weaknesses very well. The North has four teams that are better. I think that's unarguable. Uh I would take I think that the Vikings have a chance to be worse. I I'll lean Vikings. They were 9 and 8 last year with freaking J.J. McCarthy. Lions and Packers are better, for sure. Um

Lions and Packers are better. >> can't Maybe I'm on planet Mars. I I Let me just say this, I think that they're better than people think. I'm putting at least two of the NFC East, if not three, depending on how Washington looks this year. I think that the Bucks, Panthers, and Saints all have a chance to be better than Washington. I think that's fair. I think that's that's that's And um I think that the Bucks and Panthers have a chance to be better than Dallas, as well. We'll see what happens. I'm not going to say that's a confident take, but I I think they're all kind of in the same caliber of team, in my mind. Again, maybe I'm biased, but I'm looking at it as a are biased. I am. I'm looking at it as a I'm looking at it as a situation where like this was a team that was in the hunt last year with the worst defense in the NFL. Obviously, down the stretch they finished bad, but they were in the playoff mix at like week 14. I mean,

let's be completely honest here. Whoever has bad injury luck is probably going to Like let's say Cowboys and Commanders and Lions have bad injury luck, then maybe the Bucks or Saints or like two NFC South teams get in the playoffs because a couple teams get decimated by injury kind of thing. >> Yeah, I just think personally with the Cowboys like the the overhaul on defense that we've seen in this draft, you know, trading for a linebacker that started 17 games last year, bringing Parker in from the Eagles like they were the 32nd defense last year. I think even with just accounting for marginal improvement with talent and scheme, they're at worst like a top 22 defense. And then you have the offense on the other end that is just so explosive. >> Yeah, that's that's kind of how I feel about Tampa as well. Our biggest problem was coverage at linebacker, which I'm not convinced we fixed with Anzalone and Trotter, but it's an improvement based on what we had. Like LVD as as much as I

love Lavonte David, he was not good. He was not good at all. But there's definitely more bias here to me. Um >> [snorts] >> He retired, right? Yeah, he retired. But Anzalone and Trotter could be an upgrade there. Reuben Bain is absolutely an upgrade over Haason Reddick last year. And um I think the Cowboys are the best team in the East. So like I don't I don't agree with this. Yeah, I I don't I don't think this is a outrageous take. I'll I'll I'll I'll bring us back down to earth a little bit. Obviously, we're not the Seahawks, the Rams, the 49ers, the um I don't even think that any either of our teams plus the Bucks and uh or plus the Saints and Panthers are better than the Lions or the Packers personally. >> we're better than those two. I don't. >> Like that's that's that's a comparable range. I think that would probably be the tier. Um You think you're Danny, you don't think the Cowboys are as good as

the [ __ ] Detroit Lions? Please be serious. >> do. The The Lions were 9 and 8 last year and had a way better injury luck than we did comparatively. Okay. >> What do you mean? That's baked. Very, very comparable seasons and we had the worst defense record in the NFL with a top five offense. Like if we got 20th level defense, we would have been a playoff team last year. Again, I I agree with this. I think Packers maybe, Lions no way. I think the Lions are I think the Lions are going to be fourth in that division next year. Is that a hot take? The Lions defense was decimated with injuries last year. >> No, it was. But I I again, I think they're going to be the fourth best team in that division this year. Oof, that's a bad, bad take in my opinion. >> I the Lions have I would pick the Lions to win the division. The Vikings had J.J. McCarthy and they had the same record as them last year. The Vikings defense is good. I think the the Lions are the best team

in the division, personally. Oh, I disagree. I think the Bears are probably right there neck and neck with them. Packers definitely a good team as well, but I think the the Lions are the best team in the division. >> I mean, you guys are calling me biased right now. We'll see what happens. The Cowboys had the 32nd best defense last year, but they were in the mix at the end of the year. Like you give them the 20th best defense, we're talking about a team that wins at least 10 games. I I think you could say the exact same thing for Detroit. I Fair. Like I I that's why I said it's the same tier though. You acted like it was crazy that I said it's the same tier. I think both are wrong in this Detroit's got a better roster top to bottom and has better coaching. So that's what And And I'm including my own team and like the Saints and Panthers and stuff. I just don't think that we're in the same class of team as Detroit. We We won't know until we see it obviously,

but again, I'm very optimistic. Like if I had to put a range on if I had to put a range on where I think we'll be, we'll be between 9 and 12 wins if we're healthy. I don't I don't think that the Bucks are thinking about Baker's replacement to be honest. They really love him. I think maybe they'd be thinking about a backup quarterback with some upside, but I doubt um I doubt they're thinking about replacing him at any point right now. I just I feel like everybody understood that the Cowboys defense was historically bad in the season. They then make significant improvements in the off season and in coaching, and people are just dismissing the fact that they can be good. Yeah, I mean, everybody loves their own team realistically. Whoever you guys cheer for, you have optimism. And unless you're a fan of like the Jets or like somebody with horrible despair, if your team has been moderately competitive in the last 10 years, I'm sure you all think out there

that your team's going to be great. Every Ravens fan thinks it's going to be their year this year. Every Bills fan's optimistic. Every Bears fan's optimistic. Every Packers fan's optimistic. Like everyone's a fan of their team the same way, realistically. >> I So I don't disagree, but I don't think it's outrageous to say that I think we could be like the fourth best team in the conference. I'm not saying we're going to be the best team in the conference. Like the fourth best team in the conference. Like I think it's wide open after the top three, realistically. Pretty much any one of the teams that I named could be like the four seed in the in the NFC. I think the Bucks, Panthers, Saints, all those teams are capable of being the four seed in the NFC if things break right. And again, things probably have to break wrong for some teams. Like some teams have to deal with some injuries for that to happen. Like all things being equal, when healthy, I

think that the Detroit Lions, Green Bay Packers, Chicago Bears, and then of course the Seahawks, 49ers, Rams, and uh and Eagles are all better teams than the ones that we were just talking about. >> So my take is that at very minimum, the two best teams are in the NFC West with the Rams and the Seahawks. I think everybody can kind of agree that, give or take. Uh yeah, Rams and Seahawks to be the two best teams in the NFC, for sure. I would lean the 49ers and probably the Bears at the next I think the Eagles are as good as those two teams, personally. >> With no A.J. Brown especially, with how they finished last Yeah, well, we'll see what happens with the additions, but I love Lemon and Stoerner are huge additions to the offense. Again, call me biased. I think the Cowboys are winning the division next year. I mean, you are biased, but I don't think you're outrageous for saying that. Like I mean, the Eagles won 11 games this year and I think they're going to get in substantially worse. As much as I

like Lemon, realistically, A.J. Brown is an all-pro talent at the wide receiver position. Yeah. Um Yeah, I mean, again, I don't think it's delusional to think that a team that was 32nd on defense can get to 20 with the off season that they've had. I'm not saying they're going to be a top 10 defense. Okay. Also, this is the super athlete from Iowa that like Yeah, Kene Nwangwu is going to be more of a real-life NFL pick than a fantasy one. He had basically no production, but he was one of the best returners in college football. So um he's definitely um yeah, Kene Nwangwu Probably ran faster than 4.47, but yeah, I know what that's Yeah. Yeah, led FBS in punt return yardage. He's he's um he's a great returner. So that was the pick that the Steelers just made. Um Yeah, I guess my take Brock is I'm far more confident that Christian Parker's going to make a substantial difference on our defense than I think Sean Mannion will on their offense. That's my take on Okay, we are going to

stop talking about the Bucks and Cowboys. Get back on track here. Good combo though. I think like just talking about the draft in relation I mean, NFL predictions-wise, it's something something fun. Yeah, who do we think um just team-wise has had some of the best drafts? We are not allowed to say the Buccaneers or Cowboys. Well, I think that would be low-hanging fruit that I genuinely believe our two teams have >> Okay, we are not allowed to say the Buccaneers. Any other teams. Real life, I think the Browns have had a home run. Yeah, the Browns have had a great draft, for sure. Boston, Concepcion, Fa'aoso. Um they also got McKinley Moore and Sliding in round three or whatever it was. Raiders and Browns are definitely two of them. I think the Giants have had a good draft, although like again, I Will I ever agree with them passing on freaking Caleb Downs? Maui Maui Noa could be an all-pro guard and obviously like that would be great for them if it worked out in that regard.

But letting Caleb Downs go to the Cowboys, like you knew the Cowboys had him like number one on their board. >> Yeah, um Like I think he was both the best player and even just the fact that if he they had him and Maui Noa close, they should have went him so that he he didn't end up in Dallas. Yeah, I like what the Jet The Jets are having a decent draft. I think the Eagles are doing a great job as well with their with their draft that they've done so far. Trying to think who else has been putting together I think Green Bay's had an okay draft so far. They just took DeMarvion Overshown or whatever who a lot of people thought was going to be a lot higher of a selection. Um Who else has Green Bay taken? They take a Fa'aoso at some point? Sorry, how did I make it about the boys? I just said like if we're not talking about our two teams, even though I think our two teams have done the best draft. >> about the Giants and then you're like, I can't believe they let the Cowboys get

him. >> Oh, oh, right. Yeah, my fault, my fault. Um yeah, like the Packers took Brandon Smith in the second round. They just got DeMarvion Overshown. Um for a team that didn't have a first-round pick, I think that they've made some nice selections so far. Yeah. No doubt. Uh Titans have been very good. >> Who's Kansas City walked away with so far? You know who the answer clearly isn't though is the 49ers cuz holy [ __ ] they've had a [ __ ] of a draft. >> been [ __ ] They got the The Chiefs got Armon Watts Thomas. They got um Mansour Delane who they traded up for and they took Peter Woods in the first. I mean, Peter Woods is a little high for me in the first round, but I think he's had an okay draft so far. Yeah, I wouldn't put him above like our teams, for example. >> the The Ravens have had a great draft as well. The Ravens got Tavius Robinson or I whatever however you say his name in the first round. In the second round, Baltimore got Zion Young.

In the third round, they took Kyu Blu Kelly in the fourth round, they took Elijah I mean, that's That might be my answer for who's had the best draft. It's definitely up there, for sure. Tavius Robinson, Zion Young, Kyu Blu Kelly, and Elijah I mean, that is an exceptional haul for the Ravens. Yeah, no, that's a good draft, too. Um I'm just looking through. Yeah. >> [snorts] >> Um I love what the I would say the I like what Carolina's doing. A Does that count? I like what Carolina's doing. >> doing, too, for what it's worth. I think Olu Fashanu is a great long-term, you know, pick that they made. Jeremy Chinn was a very solid get in the first in the second round. In the first round, they took Max Melton which helps their left tackle situation. I think the Steelers have had a nice draft so far, too. Rylan, if that's your reaction, I completely disagree with it. Oh, oops. Dynasty Twitter is holding up to what Mason said about them yesterday. I

They're burning the world to the ground cuz they think it's a terrible landing spot for Jonah Coleman. That makes no sense to me. No sense. Um the Raiders should be on the clock at the moment right now. Or the pick is in, but the the Texans are on the clock right now. Texans, prayer circle, fellas. Let's get one of the Penn State running backs here. One of the Penn State running backs going to Houston would be an awesome fit because they For a coach that didn't trust his second round pick running back last year with consequential touches between the tackles and behind a guy who literally gets hurt by week seven, week eight, week nine every single year with Dobbins. Like yeah, maybe we two 2026 not going to be the cleanest redraft projection. A, I'm going to be taking my shots at best ball cuz I think the talent in terms of isolated starting games would be there and B, I think this is the answer in 2027. Yeah, I wonder where do you think Colman's ADP is? Not where we would rank him. Where is

his ADP? They're probably going to be like, "Ah, fourth round running back, he's the 204." Really, eh? You think people are going to take I guess in that instance people I think people people I think people take >> Yeah. >> If this is what the reaction is like and you said on Twitter, if that's what the reaction is like I think Stow and Bower uh Stow and Boston will go ahead of him in some leagues for sure just given the capital and the players that they were before the draft. I think Chris Bell could go before him as well in some leagues. Oh, dude, he is 220 lb rocked up. Yeah, he will get first and second down work with ease. >> As long as Dobbins is, you know, not a pass long-term, he'll get first and second down work, I think. Ultimately, he's a fourth round running back, guys. Like he's going to have to go and win the job. So, if you didn't like Jonah Colman the prospect, then you shouldn't like him now. But we love Jonah Colman the prospect and as does

the prospect model. So, I if you guys listened to me last year, you would have had bags upon bags upon bags of Cam Akers, Harold Landry, and Rondale Moore because of the prospect model. So, Colman is this year's Cam Akers. It's very clear. He has is exact player comparison as Cam Akers. It's not even close. It it's easily his biggest comparison based on where what type of prospect he is. You could say, "Okay, other side of the coin, what if he's Caleb Johnson?" >> You could say, "Oh, what if he's Caleb Johnson?" I think that's fair, but fantasy >> relevant, eh? I'm pulling this up on my computer cuz this stupid airplay on my [ __ ] TV is killing me. Okay, people are saying, "Wow." All right. Yep. Okay, the Raiders the Raiders with the select of Mike Washington >> to be a change of pace back, I suppose, or is Clint Kubiak going to [ __ ] Kenneth Walker Ashton Jeanty? That's going to be the first thought on everybody's mind

here. I don't think Mike Washington's an exceptional prospect, let's get perfectly clear. As you can see, the floor there, actually a former Las Vegas Raider, uh Zamir White as the floor for Mike Washington. I do think that Washington will end up being the handcuff to Ashton Jeanty though, which is got value. In in a class like this, handcuff to an offense with a young exciting quarterback, good offensive line they have >> Yeah, like he's probably a late second round early third round rookie pick even as a pure handcuff. And if some people think he's going to eat into Jeanty's workload, then by all means, I don't personally think he will, but it is possible that Jeanty goes from an 80 to 90% opportunity share player to a 70% opportunity share player if Mike Washington's a good player. Yeah, now they're showing a baby on the broadcast. I don't know what's going on here. Let me ask you this, does this change your opinion of Jeanty in any

way, form, or facet? Does this make you put Love ahead of him, for example? in dynasty I mean, respect >> ahead of him after this? Respectfully to Mike Washington, Tyler Allgeier is a much bigger threat than him. Yeah. Yeah, it's probably again, it's probably a backup running back, but I think I think it matters a little bit. Just because of what Clint Kubiak just did with Seattle Sea with the Seattle Seahawks and Kenneth Walker, I think it has some value to the offense. Yep. No, I that's fair. That's a good point. >> Yeah, probably the same time and actually I had a way higher grade on Giddens to be honest than Mike Washington. I did, too. Same talent cap, I agree. I am going to go uh I have a bowl of uh yogurt I'm going to go quickly grab cuz I haven't eaten. I'll just bring it to the All right. Um Let's uh let's talk through some dynasty uh rankings here for a second here, fellas. Let me pull this up. Okay. So, in dynasty we have this territory is where I have Jonah

Colman landing. Now, Travis Etienne, Javonte Williams, Josh Jacobs, Touton, they all have much better more projectable workloads. If you wanted to say, "Hey, Jonah, he's probably more in the De'Andre Swift territory." You wanted to put him behind those guys. I think given the age, given the value accumulation upside, I think he probably does belong below Touton um a tier-wise just because the Jaguars have not drafted a single running back in this draft yet. And anybody that they draft from here on out is probably not going to have a major major impact on Breasha Touton uh from a workload perspective. So, I think that Jonah belongs RB24-ish territory. Um I'm going to add Mike Washington to my rankings right now and we'll talk about him. Mike Washington Jr. was not a super super high-end prospect for me. I think he's definitely not in this territory of like, you know, Jonathan Brooks and Allgeier and Manangai and these type of guys. I think he'd probably find himself

more into this territory where Keilan Robinson yesterday went third round. Um there we go, Malik Muhammad went off the board, which is a really good uh uh value. I think Mike Washington would find himself into this territory right behind like a Keilan Robinson type. Um you know, you see Bell here who I might have to move up if they don't take any more players. I think this is probably about the range where Mike Washington would go. Like I said, maybe he's Alexander Mattison. I think that's a good comparison, right? Alexander Mattison, big, raw, physical athlete, goes behind Dalvin Cook, a perennial multi-time RB1. That's about what we're expecting out of Ashton Jeanty. Like I think if you said, "Hey, Ashton Jeanty's going to have Dalvin Cook's career." That's probably about what we would expect from him. So, I think Alexander Mattison is maybe a good historical comp for what Mike Washington can be. Good in spurts, good when he gets on the field if Jeanty ever deals

with injury, so on and so forth, but probably just an Alexander Mattison type of workload is what we can expect there. So, um yeah, the 49ers draft is really bad so far uh unfortunately for them and their fans. Does Colman leap Dobbins and RJ? Um from a redraft perspective, that's a separate conversation, but from a dynasty perspective, yes, he would be ranked over both of those players for me. Um again, if you were massive massive RJ Harvey truther, stand by your guy. Second round capital versus fourth round capital, I get it. However, not only were they in on free agent running backs, like there were reports that they could have brought in Etienne. There was reports they could have brought in um uh Kenneth Walker. Like they have told us to some degree what they think of RJ Harvey and that is that he's going to be a committee running back. Maybe he's a pass catcher, maybe he's a change of pace guy. That is a fantasy relevant player that the Bills just selected, so I'll talk about that in a second. Um but

for me, Jonah Colman, he's the best running back in that backfield long-term. Short-term, it's probably JK Dobbins. Long-term, probably RJ uh probably Jonah Colman for me there. So, let's talk about Skylar Bell who was just selected by the Buffalo Bills who have not made a selection of a receiver yet in this draft. Skylar Bell, fitting in Buffalo Bills fashion, they draft yet another slot receiver um because the Buffalo Bills like as many slot receivers as humanly possible. Um but Skylar Bell, good shifty separator, good production, older prospect though. Athleticism and speed definitely there for him. He has some yards after catchability, he has some versatility as either a Z or a slot receiver. They have DJ Moore who's going to play in theory the role that Bell would be best for and then they have Shakir which would be his backup role that he would be best for. So, I don't really see how this fits. I would have definitely if I was Buffalo taken a Bryce instead cuz then at least you have

a separate field-stretching outside wide receiver role. I didn't like the drops. I didn't like the play strength. I don't think his route running will translate to the NFL game right away, so he's going to be a a developmental player at least early on, so don't love it for Buffalo, I can't lie, but he is fantasy relevant. He is going to be an interesting player. Uh Danny's eating some food here, so I'll uh let him do that um and let him mute his mic, but uh or he has muted. Um yeah, Skylar Bell I don't know. Buffalo Bill They already have receivers who are better than Skylar Bell at the role that Skylar Bell would ideally excel in. So, I don't really find it that exciting, but if you guys like Skylar Bell, take a shot on him. Go nuts. In this class, I'm not going to tell anybody that they're being an idiot for taking a shot on their guy. Realistically, there's not been good enough landing spots, there's not good enough prospects to say

this is the consensus, if you veer away from it, you're wrong. There's no real precedent to say that in this class. So, if you're like, "Hey, I was a huge Skylar Bell guy. I don't know how he's going to get on the field, but maybe it's short-term replacement a long-term replacement for DJ Moore. Maybe it's uh he's better than Shakir and he'll beat him out for that role." If you love Skylar Bell, by all means. I just am not a huge option not a huge Skylar Bell guy, so Um would you all y'all rather have every pick in round two or a singular 2029 first? I mean, I'd rather have every pick in round two. You're going to hit on somebody. Just by law of averages, you're going to get a couple of good players, I would imagine. Uh when is Cole Payton going to go? He feels like the only exciting thing left. Um okay, I'll let you guys know in my rookie rankings who are the best remaining players on the board to get some people excited for some guys here.

So, the best remaining players on the board for me are um Keaton Allen, Nicholas Singleton, Justin Jolly, tight end from NC State Eric McKalister, the wide receiver from TCU, Emmet Johnson, running back from Nebraska, still hasn't gone off the board yet, who we were lower on, but at this point in the draft, I think he should probably selected. Eric Yeah, Bryce Lance, wide receiver from NDSU, a little surprising he hasn't gone yet given how well he tested and how teams took Zay Flowers Thomas at 90th overall, why not just take Bryce Lance instead, who actually has size in addition to his speed. Jack Endries, tight end from Texas, hasn't gone yet. Cole Payton, quarterback from NDSU, and then some of our late round guys that you and I liked. Yeah, I mentioned him already. Clayborn from Wake Forest, the running back Jamari Taylor from Virginia Tech who probably drafted based on his testing. Levion Moss, yeah, from Texas A&M, Adam Randall from Clemson, Eli Hendrick, everyone's favorite gadget

player, Jay Nott from Oklahoma, Jeff Caldwell Caldwell from Cincinnati, Roman Hemby, the other Indiana running back. There's going to be some guys here. 49ers probably going to take a guy who was an undrafted grade. So You want me to guess who the 49ers pick's going to be? Who? They're going to take Dean Conners. Dean Conners, oh god. Who would you rather have, Skyler Bell on the Buffalo Bills with fourth round 125th overall draft capital or Malachi Fields on the New York Giants with 71st overall capital? Or whatever he went, 74th or something. Probably Skyler Bell, I'm not going to lie. Just take the upside that he hits with Josh Allen or something. They had similar overall prospect grades, I actually had Bell higher, but then at the same time you level out the draft capital, but also I really just preferred the landing spot too, so um pretty close, probably both of them There's not a lot of targets there outside of Neighbors and Likely. Yeah, I guess um I guess my concern is both are likely to

be irrelevant, but in terms of role that they'll play if they hit an NFL level, I think Skyler Bell's role is going to be more valuable cuz ultimately I just view Malachi Fields skill set as a sacrificial X wide receiver, a dirty work blocking guy. Yeah. These are dynasty best ball guys. These are dynasty best ball guys, let's be perfectly clear, but could Malachi Fields turn into Cedric Tillman for the Browns after the Giants? I think he could. I think that's about his ceiling, unfortunately. But I think Skyler Bell might be Jahan Dotson. Like I like it's like what it's bleak. His ceiling's higher than that. Like in and he could be Kalil Shakir. I disagree. Shakir had a much better profile than him. I don't know. I mean similar draft capital for both, similar prospect grades in terms of how I view them. Um I don't know. I think they're similar profiles for sure. Um no, just in relation to where I had him in this class. I didn't formally grade him, but I viewed him kind of more

as like, you know, a mid-round pick. Like they both went in the same range too. Like where did Shakir go? He went in the fifth, I think. Oh, Arthur just sent me a trade. He said, "Corey, want to make a trade live on air?" Oof. This is a good offer, dude. He sent me one like It's a really good good offer. Okay, so Arthur just offered me in our Flock Me Sideways league, this was the draft starter that we just did. I think I have an idea of what he's going to do. I drafted a very risky receiver core in Malik Neighbors, Brian Thomas Jr., Luther Burden, Marvin Harrison Jr., Xavier Worthy, like all these guys that really Travis Hunter could go any which way, Boomer bust type of players. Um Arthur just offered me Brian Harris's first and Brian Harris's second. Now Brian, if I look at his team, his starting lineup is like Herbert, Bijan, JT Flowers. Like he has a a competitive team. At worst like best case scenario for me, that picks 107 to 109 next year most likely. I can't imagine that being

any worse than than 107 to 109. Um but maybe some injuries, whatever, I get I get lucky. Worst case scenario, I think this is a team that's capable of maybe going on a run, maybe even winning the championship. So he offered me essentially mid to late one and two for Luther Burden next year. Um we were talking a similar type of prospective deal. It was Brian Harris's first his first and my second next year for Drake London and there was another piece, but I ultimately backed out. So it makes sense he's probably going to go for the next tier which is Burden. Arthur, hold your hand out. There you go. Do it. A one and a two for Luther Burden, I personally think is good return on investment. Um I drafted him I think in the fifth round of the startup. I'm of I'm my team is is trying to compete with a team like yours for example who were trying to get as high of a pick on our own rookie pick as humanly possible and Luther Burden, as much as I think he could gain value and be worth two ones at some point, I

I just think that Luther Burden is a slightly overrated dynasty asset right now. I would only be willing to pay one mid one mid to late one and probably a mid to late three or something small on top of that to go and acquire Luther Burden. So getting a one and two on a team that like listen, if Brian, if you're listening to this, your team is good, but if you suffer some injuries, that pick could be high. So I trade Luther at my own risk, of course. I don't have any Luther shares, so that's what the part that kind of hurts a little bit is that he was my only Luther share. I got to see this. What was the details of this trade too? Um If that's the pick that I think it is, we can talk business, by the way. Joel's very adamant that Get the 105, okay. Luther's not very good. London on the air for making this this pick. Yeah, cuz I traded Brown. Yeah. Um Okay, well, Chase Brown is officially a winner of this draft cuz the the Cincinnati Bengals have one more pick here in the fourth round and they have

yet to address the running back position, which is good. And they also of course traded the Jeremiah Love pick that well, I guess he was wet for overall, never was going to be Jeremiah Love anyways, but Knowing the context of the team that I think it would be like probably a top two, three title contender, um I personally would rather have Luther Burden, but I do think that's exact fair value and if you're like you said a little bit lower on the hype comparatively to like where I am, where I'm ahead of the hype, I think that's a totally fair value to be able to get. Well, and and here not to mention too, like I said, is Brian's Brian's team, if I sort by contending value on the site, let me actually share my screen. Um It's top two or three, I think. It is, yeah. So if I sort by contending value, um Brian's number two in the model or in the in the process What is this [ __ ] called? The My Teams feature. Justin Herbert, Matthew Stafford, CJ Stroud, Watson. This is a best ball

league, by the way. Um Bijan and Taylor and Etienne and Swift, very good running back core. I think his running back core is dominant. His receivers though, Smith, Flowers, not a lot behind them. He has some bad injuries, like This this is a team that I could see picking 107 to 110 more so than 111 or 112. That's I guess the way that I would put it. Like I think JT's team is more complete, personally. Um If I look at some of the other contenders, this is a new startup, so he's going to have some holes, like there's not going to be any teams that have dominant teams. I think that Shady's team is better, he's got the firepower, as you can see here with Chase, Jefferson, McCaffrey, Barkley. I think his team is better. Um Ronaldo's team I can look at here as well. I think this team is better as well. Maybe the running back core is a little weaker, but I don't know. It's it's close. I think I got somewhere between the 107 and 110. That would be my my

prediction for next year's class. And 107 to 110 plus a second for insulation, I think that's more than reasonable for Burden, but a relatively fair trade all around. Yeah, I think that makes sense. I look at my team. Oh yeah, Arthur's team. Arthur's a weak contender, so he added Luther Burden to his his team here. Uh where if I go back to this, um you can see Luther, he was in desperate need of receiver, so he added Luther Burden Burden to this team, um which I think makes sense for him cuz he needed some receiver help. And that pick that he traded was not his own as well. And he's also got the 105, Arthur, so he's probably going to be addressing the receiver position again with Rakim Lemon or Jordan Addison, I would imagine. I mean it's inside the range of outcomes that Fernando fell to you, but Yeah, I'm debating what I want to do here. Yeah. Good deal. Good deal all around. Who was the one who won in this league? Um Um I don't remember. Is it JT, maybe? No, JT traded it. Did

YW trade for it? That's probably what happened. YWL probably traded for it. Yeah. Um >> [clears throat] >> Yeah, I was just curious cuz I'm like, if somebody who had the 101 drafted like, you know, a a strong competitive team around it cuz keep in mind this is out of the out of the startup, I would have seen what they were between Omar and Hampton and the 101. Yeah, no, that makes sense. I unfortunately, the only picks I have in this year's class are volume, no high picks. Like I have the 201, 209, 210, 301, 309, 310, which hasn't aged well so far from the the rookie class, but I do have three ones next year and two twos next year and I like my foundation. I have Mahomes, I have Love, I have some upside at quarterback behind them. At 201, like this team screams to me that I might be taking that I might be taking Jarrod Eller on it because Drew being my third quarterback on a team like this, I have the 201 and he's ranked as my 201 right now. So Also, what is that glitch trade on the

right side there? That was crazy. >> I have no idea. But either way, I like the 31s. I like my ability to tank out this season potentially and I like the upside of Neighbors, Thomas, Harrison, Hunter, and Worthy as my my receivers so far and then I'm going to be adding more receivers in this year's class. I'll probably be at 209, at 210 to be adding those like Jeremy Bernard type receivers or whatever. So, pretty decent pretty decent trade for both sides. Yeah, here I was going to show my team, too. It's such a weird situation because you look at this team, you're like, oh yeah, [ __ ] like you should be able to get the 101 next year. Like you only have Omari Hampton, Drake London, Christian Watson, and you know, depth pieces around this roster. Quarterbacks right now are Richardson, Huntley, McKee, and Levis, Corey. Like that's my quarterback core that we're rocking. >> Yeah, I mean, I'm not going to out-tank you, that's for sure. But I might be in

range for an Arch Manning, Dante Moore, a Cam Coleman, maybe RB1, Amari Hardy, or something like that. I'm probably not out-tanking you with those quarterbacks. Well, that's the thing. It's like one of my quarterbacks is going to come in this class because I'm going to be taking Mendoza with one of the 103 or 104 104 most likely. 108 to 110, I'm just glad I got within the tier. I'm glad I didn't take the 112 because obviously they all kind of went in similar fashion like in the draft. Only have three picks outside of the first round this year, so I don't mind that either. And then I have four first rounders, two second rounders, two third rounders. But the thing is it's like, yeah, I want to look at my lineup and think, oh, I'm adding Jeremiah Smith to this team. And then you go to [ __ ] YWL and he's got poo-poo caca at running back now. He's got Emeka Egbuka obviously going to be a big-time player. Like I got to kind of get lucky and think Jeremiah Love's got

to be such a hammer that he affects his lineup. 102, Carnell Tate's got to be such a pro-ready option that like I can out-tank him, but it's going to be one of us two in my opinion for that first overall pick and hopefully for Arch Manning's sake he can develop into the first overall pick generational type of prospect and at that point you can kind of say Jeremiah Smith and him both project to be first round startup picks, but at the same time, I mean, Jeremiah Smith just seems like such a lock that he's going to be a top five startup pick. Like what's stopping him from being the wide receiver one overall the minute he's drafted? He's going to go top two in the draft. It's definitely possible. He could be. Um but yeah, I know. I might order some food. I'm [ __ ] hungry as hell. Yeah, I just had a I actually still have a little bit of the yogurt bowl left. Nice. Jordan, whoa. Okay. Did we get a someone said Longhorn. Who what Longhorn went off the board here?

NC Genesis Smith. Who? Um Arch Manning is probably overhyped based on the name. I I disagree, man. I I think that if you watch the the tape on Arch, you can you can truly see what everyone else is seeing. Like I am I going to say he's a polished standalone, you know, first overall pick right this minute? No, but I think you're projecting him to become that by the end of the season. It's still a risk, for sure. People people who say Arch Manning is nothing but name value right now have some validity to that take, but I I challenge you guys to watch some tape on him before you say that cuz I think the the narrative is just it's easy to dunk on the kid for being named Manning. Hey, Corey, you cannot deny the talent. You cannot. He has ability. I'm not going to sit here and say he's great yet, but he has ability. Yeah, for sure. Um All righty, what are we looking at here with these next couple of picks? The New Orleans Saints on the board here. Could they be in the market for a running

back? I mean Who was mocked there? Uh you wrote it one time, I think. Oh, did I? Yeah, it's probably my end, but what'd you say? Um Singleton was drafted to the Saints in one of the mocks that we did. If you remember. >> Oh, yeah, this yeah, this could make sense as a spot, for sure. Yeah. Dolphins take Trey Moore. Okay. Interesting. Interessante. All righty. So, I'm getting some Greek cuz I'm [ __ ] hungry as hell. Um all righty. So, anything we are waiting on other than some actual fantasy relevant players to get picked? Nothing really, right? Just uh these Penn State running backs, man. I'm surprised they haven't gotten select I'm I'm surprised one of them hasn't gotten picked yet. Not that I think they were going to go super super high. Is Skyler Bell now a late round two guy? No, guys. No. Where is he going to play? He's not going to play DJ Moore's position at Z. He's not going to play Khalil Shakir's position in the slot.

Where is he going to play right away? Long term, if you like Skyler Bell, late round two, probably still early for me, but I get it. I'm just not going to chase a Bills receiver cuz it's a Bills receiver. Um Good things we spiced things up with a trade. Yeah, no kidding. Um like I said, Arthur, I I don't like that you took my only share of Luther Burden away from me, but I do like that for me, a guy that was basically only good for a couple of games, I think process-wise getting a mid to late one in a mid to late two is decent process. Um but say between day two and three, what's the best and worst landing spot you've seen? You sent me an offer. >> an offer, by the way. Uh Arthur Arthur. Um between day two and three, what's the best and worst landing spot you've seen? Um Best landing spot, I'm going to the definition I'm going to use for best landing spot is just the fit and the what I thought of the player before and am I more excited about them now? It

would be kind of my definition for that. Um the best landing spot to me is I think I think it's Jarrod Eller, man. I think from what I thought about him before and what I think about him now, I think the best landing spot to me of the entire day two and day three of the draft has been Jarrod Eller. But I also really like the landing spot of Ted Hust. I really like the landing spot for Elijah Sarratt. Really like the landing spot for Chris Bell. Um I think the the landing spot's pretty good for Antonio Williams, for Carson Beck. Um Worst landing spot. Who's been the worst landing spot so far? Um Mike Washington, probably. Like for where Mike Washington could have gone as far as what his draft capital could have been and how high he could have gone and where what team he could have gone to. Like there was a world where Mike Washington was the 64th pick to the Seahawks before this weekend started. So, getting him with fourth round capital Boston's awful as well. Fourth round

capital to the Raiders to back up Jente is pretty bad. And we weren't even high on Washington, but like there was a world where you and I out of obligation had to rank this guy 202 or 203 because he went third round to Minnesota or something. Like if he was a third round pick to the Vikings, we'd have him like 202 right now. Um do you like Ricky Pearsall? Obviously he wouldn't be the only thing that I would throw in. Like I'd probably throw another piece, but just curious. We're talking about for my second. I see. For your second? Yeah. Um you're giving him Ricky Pearsall? Yeah, like would you do something like Pearsall and Mason? You don't like Ricky Pearsall. I just saw he said he didn't like Christian Watson cuz I offered Watson. Yeah, I mean, Arthur, I'm still open to dealing more receivers if you wanted to deal for one. Like I have both Jaguars receivers. If you're interested in either Brian Thomas Jr. or Travis Hunter, I'm cool with selling either of

them for the right price. If you're into Harrison, if you're into Worthy, if you're into any of those guys. I also have competitive running backs and it's a best ball league. Like if you're interested in Kamara at all, if you're interested in Rashad White, who suddenly has no competition at the running back position in the draft yet. Um I'd be interested in selling any of those players. Yeah. >> My tight end core is looking kind of rough though at the moment. I have Isaiah Likely, who just got two recei- who just had a receiver added in Mel Kiper Fields. I mean, he's probably been fine so far. Terrence Ferguson was my tight end two on this team, who had Max Clark drafted. And then Jatavion Sanders, Michael Mayer, and Charlie Kolar were my depth, so not ideal. Not indeed. I'd take 103. For who? 103 for who? Oh, he's talking about in the Yo, I got so confused cuz he said I got offered the 103 for Olave. I thought he was talking about he'd take 103 cuz in

the league we were talking about I have the 103. Is Matthew Hibner fantasy relevant? Um he just got drafted fourth round to the Baltimore Ravens. Matthew Hibner, if I'm not mistaken, I just want to double-check before I say something I don't know for sure. If I'm not mistaken, he was one of the highest-graded blocking tight ends in the country. So, that is the Charlie Kolar replacement would be my guess for the Baltimore Ravens. But let me just make sure I'm not talking out of my ass here. I love how round two to four is just a hotbed for blocking tight ends now. Yeah, apparently. Um Matthew Hibner is 24 years old, had 31 receptions for 436 and four touchdowns. I mean, it's not terrible production, but in a five-year college career between Michigan and SMU, he has 819 total receiving yards, but he was an 83.0 pass blocking grade this year and a 72.1 run blocking grade. That's a blocking tight end for sure, fellas. >> Yep. Matt Ryan has no business being that

excited about his fourth round pick he just made. You see how excited he was? He was freaking out. They It must have been something exciting. Like there's no way he's reacting like that to like an offensive guard or nose tackle. Like you can't It has to be a weapon knowing he's a pass game guy. Yeah. Got to be a weapon. May- What if they took uh What if they took Joley? And like they plan to move on from Pitts. He's on the tag. Wasn't there the rumors that Denver and uh Denver and the Falcons were talking about him? See who they took. Roberto Carlos is [ __ ] announcing it? Yeah, hitting it here in a buenas tardes uh kind of hit right off the bat there. Also, I just took in they drafted Zachariah Branch. So maybe maybe tight end, yeah. Maybe Joley. Oh, he got hype- He got that hyped over a linebacker. Let's go. Shout out. Matt Ryan just got hyped over a special teams level linebacker. Endal Daniels, he just got [ __ ] absolutely bricked up for. Hey, you you know it's an issue when

uh the first thing it shows is your career stats and it's under 10 sacks, under 35 TFLs. That's a special teams linebacker if you've ever seen it. >> That smells. Well, he made that good play against Michigan though. Keep highlighting that. That was cool. He kind of rocked that guy, you know. All right, the Colts are on the board. You want Kyle Lewis, eh? Um He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's safety linebacker. Linebacker. >> nickel linebacker, yeah. Smaller linebacker. Skyler Bell, I got to update in the prospect model cuz he went pick 125, not pick 82 like he was supposed to, which is not good for him. Not ideal. Bryce Lance hasn't gone off the board yet. I >> I would I would gratefully take Lance on the Cowboys. We already had his brother. Uh you did, yeah.

Yeah, this uh this class is materializing like uh milk in the Texas sun at receiver. Yeah, not ideal. The Colts took a receiver, right? Who they take? I'm trying to remember. The Colts? Yeah, they took a receiver, I think. Um They did not take a receiver, I don't think yet. Brock, did they take a receiver? I'm trying to remember. Oh, you haven't yet. Oh, okay. No, they haven't taken a receiver. They've only They've only made one pick, I think, right? Maybe a- maybe a couple. Bryce Becton, okay. They took a linebacker. Uh how do we feel about Jona Coleman to the Broncos? He's my highest rated Broncos running back, brother. Or yeah, running back. I almost said linebacker. Uh Also, Tuten Bears were saying he could get competition drafted as well, so that's looking Yeah, exactly. Yeah, Tuten Tuten's got to be one of the biggest winners of the draft so far, I would say. Yeah. Like can you think of a bigger winner? I cannot. >> veterans? Like Scat Abu too, like both

of these guys last year got the opportunity to get on the field a little bit and really have produced with said opportunity um when they've gotten opportunities too. Like it's it's hilarious to me that the three best day three running backs in the prospect model's history are number one Cam Akers, number two Jona Coleman, number three Bay Shell Tuten. It's actually pretty funny to me that those are the three best day three running backs that have been taken and now all three of them are top 24 dynasty running backs. Um for me at least. Coleman, we'll see where he ends up over most other people. Like I would imagine there's going to be people out there that like prefer De'Andre Swift or prefer Derrick Henry. I think that's fair. If you say, "Hey, I'd rather have Derrick Henry than than Jona Coleman," I think that's totally fine. It depends on your team build, but in a vacuum, are they worth the same amount? Like 111, 112 in this year's class. I would

trade for De'Andre Swift. I'd be willing to trade that for Swift at this point because of what's happened for the Bears. Like they haven't added anybody. Uh Rashid Shaheed and Kendre Miller are winners as well, too. Yeah, the Chiefs not taking a receiver is interesting, too. Jonathan Brooks winner maybe, no new guys. Yeah, I mean Jonathan Brooks is already trending towards winner cuz I genuinely do believe at some point this year he'll take over for Chubba Hubbard. Can I ask you a question that's pretty crazy? Sup? Is he a top 25 dynasty running back or you going to say RJ Harvey? Jona Coleman easily. >> sorry. Uh Jonathan Brooks or RJ Harvey? Uh Jonathan Brooks. Really? Yeah. Is that where we're at with Jonathan Brooks already now? I believe so. I would rather take the upside at that point and Jona Coleman, unfortunately, is uh the third best back on his team, in my opinion. We're taking David Montgomery over these guys, right? >> Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah. >> Like like I have them in an area with like Rashad White and Tyler Allgeier and stuff. Okay, yeah. Let me ask you this question. Rashad White or RJ Harvey? Uh Rashad White. You're taking Rashad White over RJ Harvey in dynasty? Bro, this is RJ Harvey slander over here. I have him at RB 31 right now. Wow. Not great for him. Who would you rather have in dynasty? Whoever you think the Pittsburgh Steelers starting running back is, Jaylen Warren or Rico Dowdle, or RJ Harvey? I have Warren at 30, Harvey at 31. Really? Yeah. I'm going to take Harvey over those guys cuz I do think there's a very reasonable way that Dowdle is the starter and I'm not certain about Warren being the starter. Uh respectfully, Brooks was just so much better of a prospect than RJ Harvey was. And on top of that, we've literally saw down the stretch last year Sean Payton lose faith in him. The only thing that stood in the way of Brooks has literally been his ACL injuries. And obviously

that's a make hurdle to climb, but if I'm swinging at a starting running back personally. Yeah, I mean I I go Brooks there. I do think he's naturally talented and I do think the upside's higher, but obviously, you know, I'm acknowledging big time risk there. I just think at that range of running back when you're talking about realistically round nine, round 10, round 11 startup options, give me the upside on the guy that I do think has RB1 upside if he's healthy. Um Nick Chubb has come back from two torn ACLs to answer that question. Um Yeah, I mean bro we both had Brooks comped to a bigger Aaron Jones when he was coming out. There's a three down profile. Who would you rather have? This is a crazy question. Kyle Manangay or RJ Harvey? I'll take Harvey there. Yeah. I think that's probably right. >> the the advance Yeah, I think it's a conversation. I just think the advanced rushing metrics pointing against Manangay kind of gets me a little bit

nervous. But then again, you can argue that with RB except he has a three down profile or he's got a third down profile, sorry. Yeah, um Brooks Brooks is born the same year as Jona Coleman, Emmit Johnson, Mike Washington. A lot of the running backs in this class. 2003? Yeah. Um he's super young when he >> Yeah, answer this one for me. Whoever you think Washington's starting running back is, Rashad White, Bill Merritt, don't really care, or RJ Harvey. Who would you rather have? I know you already said that you'd prefer Rashad White, but >> White higher. Who would you prefer, Chad? I I actually have Harvey one spot ahead of White just because, you know, I I do think there's I want to bake in some you know, I could be wrong into this, but Rashad White's got a got a potential big workload ahead of him. So. Or or Brook- or uh Rosky Merritt if you believe in him instead. Not going to discriminate to which shitty Washington running back you guys like. Coleman or Brooks? Yeah. I got Coleman

ranked higher, Double King. Yeah, I'll take Coleman all day, man. Coleman Coleman had a higher grade in the prospect model and still does with day three capital. White over Harvey, but not Manangay is an interesting take. Well, I do value De'Andre Swift as a starter there. I have De'Andre Swift at >> Yeah, I think the difference is Swift is the guy that we like there. It's a short term RB1. Like I don't think I don't think by 2028 De'Andre Swift's going to be the Chicago Bears starting running back, but at the same time, he's coming off a productive year. It's a playoff level team. It's a very good insulated offense. We know how Ben Johnson can use his running backs, especially the pass catching one. Yeah. It's not It's not sexy. It's not flashy, but he's probably going to finish somewhere between RB 15 to 24 next year, give or take for Swift. It's probably where you put him, point blank. >> the hell? Bryce Lance making another draft day

movie. Bryce Lance just went. Okay. Wow. I really love how they I really love how they structured that room. >> [music] >> Okay, so to the New Orleans Saints with the 135th or 36th overall pick, they just selected North Dakota State wide receiver, brother of Trey Lance, Bryce Lance. And Danny, did you actually know Bryce Lance is actually a year younger than we thought he was? Yeah, really? >> He was born in '02, not '01 as he was originally listed. So he is actually 23.6 years old, not 24.6 years old, which is nice. Little bit better than what we originally had thought about Bryce Lance. That was corrected um right before the draft, actually. Um Bryce Lance, very strong hands, good downfield ability, exceptional athlete, big big receiver as well, good yards after catch player, and he dominated at NDSU the last two seasons. The problem is he's going to be age 24 as a rookie, not age 25 as a rookie. Does need some time to develop. It's, you know, plumbers and, you know, guys who put in

baseboards for a living who he's running up against. >> And look at that offense, man. Really good pick for the Saints. Good pick for Shuck. I mean, Shuck is just getting blessed here with Tyson, Lance, Dell. Like That's what I mean. Like a great receiving weapons core there. They're showing the weapons core on the screen right now. It's just like you're looking at a wide receiver trio now of Olave, Tyson, and Lance. All complement each other extremely well. All have different skill sets. All are going to do well on different parts of the offense. You have Oscar Dell as the YAC threat in the offense at tight end. You also have Juwan who can dominate the seams. Like Yeah, running back's probably a question mark. Alvin Kamara definitely not in his prime. Devin Neal probably more of like you know, your average >> ETN. Um oh, right. I completely [ __ ] zoned out of that. Yeah, they signed Travis Etienne. So, yeah, this is this is a nice little offense that they got brewing in New

Orleans here. Hey. My fault. I completely zoned out on that. Holy crap. Yeah, you're looking at the play makers there. Tyler Shuck, where does he go in drafts? I mean, Shuck's got to be a big winner, for sure. Um they must Like here's the thing. One thing that I always talk about with the fantasy community as being disconnected from the real life NFL community. One thing that I think the fantasy community could learn from the real life NFL community is to take the signals of what a team thinks a team has gotten their franchise quarterback. Three years ago some people, um one of us, ignored the signals of how high the 49ers were on Brock Purdy coming out of his rookie season. And I'm not going to ignore these signals on Tyler Shuck. It's very clear that they're quite high on this quarterback. Well, that I pose the question. Both I I think in redraft he's got a claim to be a top 15 quarterback off the board in ADP. And I do think from dynasty, like I'm looking through it right now,

realistically, given the infrastructure that they have over there in New Orleans, why am I taking CJ Stroud and Baker Mayfield over him? Like I I think he should honestly be Cam Ward at 17 for me. You can argue Goff higher than I have him, but him in that range. And then Tyler Shuck is at 19 now for me. Yeah, I So, the funny thing is I do like some of these quarterbacks that are in this range. Like I do like Bryce Young. I do like Cam Ward. I do like CJ Stroud. I I think Sam Darnold's obviously a Super Bowl winning quarterback. Like 107 overall Um so, 107 being uh Jadarian. Or no, sorry. Who's 107 in this year's class? Probably Sedeeq or Simpson. Or Concepcion, potentially. >> Yeah. I would say he's valued at both the 107. Yeah, it's probably about that. I think I'd prefer Sedeeq, who's my current 107, I think. Yeah, but I think he's above the 108 cuz I have Simpson at 108, and I have Shuck straight up higher than Simpson. So, I think we're value-wise

around there. This is tough, man. I I think this group of quarterbacks, like I am not of this opinion. I think that Bryce Young is going to have a nice season this year. >> have Bryce Young over Tyler Shuck, though. I do. I have Bryce Young's better quarterback. I completely disagree, though. Look what they're doing around him. Why? But Tyler Shuck was more impressive around him. Shuck I mean, it's a comparative situation. Eighth overall pick. Then you you spend another one on a tight end with Oscar Dell. Now you get another wide receiver in the fourth round. Like Tyler Shuck showed better at the end of last year than at any stretch in Bryce Young's career. And now the Saints are rewarding him by giving him more weapons. Like he had no weapons last year, and he was a top 15 quarterback in fantasy down the stretch. Also, yeah, go figure. Go figure. This was coming. I'm We're not going to queue the Shuck argument. I'm just going to The only thing I'll say here is

Bryce Young, to me, is a better quarterback than Shuck, has more team investment than Shuck has from his own team, and has a very similar cast of good weapons around him. So, I I I It's I'm not going to argue with anybody that puts Shuck Shuck over Bryce Young. I think it's very very valid that you would take him over Bryce Young if you're worried about Bryce having another down season. I just personally believe in Bryce Young. And when Bryce has been playing well, especially at the end of his second season, at the end of this season as well, he does put up great fantasy numbers. He runs a little bit more than Shuck even runs the ball. Like so >> I Shuck runs a lot, too. I I don't think Personally, I mean, we're seeing a >> It's close. Like Well, the value I'll take absolutely lower with Bryce Young. The what? >> The value floor is absolutely lower with Bryce Young. Cuz if he has an off year, he's worth nothing in dynasty. I think that Bryce would get another If

If Let's say both of them have bad years. We We We put bad year on both of them. I would argue that Shuck would never start again for an NFL team, whereas Bryce, because he was the first pick in the draft, has a chance to get another starting job. >> I dude, I think that's take lock, man. Like he clearly showed he's that level this past year at the end of the stretch. And all they did was invest in him in the draft. You look at the offensive situation for the Saints. It's one of the worst in the league. This is a valid opinion as well. I Maybe I should factor this in a little bit more. Um that the Panthers want to be a run-heavy offense and stuff. >> Wow, speaking of Bryce Young, he just got dealt in the Flock me Sideways league. Emeka Egbuka and Bryce Young for Jamo and a 2027 one. Interesting. >> Really? Cowboys are on the clock, by the way, Um let's see who they take. Well, he's trying to tank me. He's probably watching the stream. Facts.

Um Might as well queue the C-Rod versus Tootson argument. That's not an argument for us. >> Ed Truther. C-Rod versus Tootson? You new around here? That's a Tootson all day, brother. We're not going to disagree on that. >> Um I Okay, this It's crazy that anything you said, Danny, went in one ear and out the other cuz I assumed you would say all this. This is actually, I think, a reason for me to put Shuck over Bryce Young. The offensive plays that they have I think is actually a very reasonable opinion to say why I should take Shuck. >> But But also with everything I said, because again, you are a notoriously a Shuck hater. And again, I adjusted my priors, which is why I have >> talent talent talent talent. I tell you, I don't believe in his talent as much as other people do. >> But But that's what I think. I think you're you're A, you're underrating his talent. And B, with the talent that he had around him, it's significantly

upgraded. He was a top 15 quarterback down the stretch without this talent. He's got legitimate quarterback one upside with it. No, you're right. You're right. I just moved him ahead of Bryce Young. Yeah. Again, I I might not believe in the kid The kid's talent very much. I say kid, he's a grown adult. Um >> Yeah. I might not believe in his talent as much >> [laughter] >> Um and I I still maintain the opinion that if both have bad years, Bryce would be more likely to get a starting job than him. I That's just my opinion. But I do think that if we're projecting them for redraft, who am I going to have higher? It's probably Shuck. So, I should probably have Shuck higher. So, cuz the pass volume, Kellen Moore offense, Jordan Tyson, Chris Olave, all these guys that he's got to throw to. Like as much as I like T-Mac, he's probably not even as good as Olave. And then let alone what Tyson gives you and what Bryce Young gives you and those

types of guys. So, yeah, I'll I'll go with Tyler Shuck over Bryce Young. You guys have officially convinced me of that. Um I guess Let me ask you this question. Who would you rather have, Cam Ward versus Tyler Shuck? I have Cam Ward at the head of the tier. I would argue if you're going to say this whole like Tyler Shuck has proven more than anything Bryce Young has ever done. He's also proven more than anything Cam Ward's ever done, too. >> Totally valuable, but also I think I'm willing to put more benefit of the doubt on the Cam Ward rookie season. Cuz I do think the Titans investing number four overall, young quarterback that we thought was a little bit raw, but had an incredible ceiling. Like I think that's at least still meriting like the prospect profile we initially had for him when he was valued as the 105 off the board, 106 off the board in the class last year. So, again, I'm going to You have to pick and choose which guys you're going to be high on. Obviously,

you're high on Bryce Young. I just think with Cam Ward, I'm more easily willing to cope with the bad rookie season than I am three years of Bryce Young not truly taking the step. That's why I think he's different. >> I think Bryce has improved every year of his career. And I'm not saying that he's going to be a an absolute stud, but I do think he's going to hold his starting job longer than people do think out there. That's That's all I'll say on that. I think the Cam Ward and Shuck, to me, are basically the same type of fact. Well, that's what I mean. I think this is completely reasonable. I have them at 17 and 19. If you want to argue Shuck upwards of quarterback 17, I don't think you can get Shuck higher than that, in my opinion, just because like Love, obviously, the production of Dak, Bo Nix, Jackson Dart, Fernando Mendoza, like I think very concretely have to be above him. But if you want to argue him up to quarterback 17, I think that's

where I'd have, you know, Shuck's ceiling at for me. And the site like, you know, tends to agree. I mean, if you look at the site realistically, Cam Ward is at 78 overall. Tyler Shuck at 84 overall in terms of the consensus ratings. Now, obviously, you might be dragging down Shuck a little bit without you in there. >> up and hit publish, so it should be adjusted. Okay. Um whereas with Bryce Young, like it's a 22 spot difference between 84 and 106. Yeah. >> Yeah, you are freezing up. I thought it was just me. I thought it was my internet. Okay, I I closed my stream on my computer. I'll stream it on my my TV here, so it's not as bad. Um but yeah, uh it's an interesting combo. I think To me, it's like this this tier is so large of Like I view those like so certified competitive quarterbacks almost as a mini tier of their own in between everything else. Like Prescott, Goff, and Mayfield, to me, are the three that I'm talking about. And they're

>> than that. They're below the Jordan Loves and the like Bo Nix and Mendoza types, but they're also definitely ahead of the Shuck, the Ward types, as well. Yeah, no, I just have Dak higher than that. I have Dak in that tier. And again, the site's kind of like on the same page there. They have The site does have Dart Nix specifically higher, but in terms of my tier like Mendoza is a tier >> they're on the same page as you. Or um Dak higher than Love, sorry. Yes, yes. No, but I What I'm saying is I have Dart Nix in this tier. On the site, the they have them more so in the Lawrence Herbert Brock Purdy tier. Um which again is valid for me, but like again Mendoza 51.57, Dak 54.25, Jordan Love 59.38, and then they kind of you have a slight little gap, and then uh Baker Mayfield at 69 and Goff at 69 as well. >> Yeah, the only difference between um Love and Dak for me is just that Love is younger. That's pretty much the only difference. Yeah, I The way I kind of even that out is I

just feel like when you're projecting forward right now, Dak you can pretty concretely say he's going to be a quarterback one. Love just wasn't even there on a point per game basis. It's more so just how much they run the football there. >> It's just team build. Like you can't rebuild around Dak. It's impossible in my opinion. >> Yeah. He's 33 years old. Like one bad season Dak loses a lot of value, whereas you could you could still hold Love for a bad season because he's only 28 years old. >> Which is valid, but also I'll argue that given Dak's game, I don't think you can project a downfall. Whereas like at least with Lamar Jackson, it's like oh if he loses the rushing ability, you can say like he's going to be concretely an inferior fantasy quarterback. The fact that Dak's game is just built off high passing touchdowns, high efficiency as a passer without the rushing, like we see those archetypes last till 39. Like

Aaron Rodgers still lasted until 41 years old. Now obviously peak Rodgers over peak Dak, but basically I'm saying like the style of passer can age pretty well. Yeah. No, I I I think that >> Stafford just won an MVP too. Like same same vibe. Like he's what, 37? Stafford? Yeah, I don't I don't think Dak will age quite as well as Stafford, but I think maybe 90% of that. Yeah, I mean Philip Rivers too. I mean he's [ __ ] started a game this year. Like that was kind of insane. >> Facts, yeah. Um but the only reason I have Dak a tier below is because Jordan Love fits more team builds in dynasty than Dak does, where only the contending team should be interested in Dak. >> I just frankly think the production differences should even that out to make them at least in the same tier. Right, but if I'm doing a startup, and at that point in the draft, I don't know if I'm going rebuild or competitive, the second I take Prescott, I'm now going competitive. Sure, but I do think it

evens out when I have a guy who can project to a mid quarterback one to Dak and his production's elite. No, I know, but I'm saying his production But I'm saying that's why I would argue that having them a tier apart doesn't really make sense to me. Just pointing out The way that I draft in startups is if I take a player in the early fourth, fifth round where these guys are going to go off the board, I want to know what kind of build they're going to let lead me towards, and to me Jordan Love fits >> going to know by then when you take both these guys cuz they're both going in the fourth, fifth round. You're going to know by then in the first three rounds how your team's shaping up. >> not necessarily, not for sure. Most of the part. Yeah, maybe. I again I like staying flexible. In trade value, I think yeah, you can argue they shouldn't be a tier apart because of the production value difference, but in a startup is what I do my rankings based

on. And in a startup, I'd rather have Jordan Love because he fits more teams. But anyways, um Colby Young uh just went to the um Bengals. Not really a fantasy relevant guy to be honest. Never really productive at Georgia. He's taking over the Yoshi Boss role. Maybe there's going to be competition there. >> Yoshi Boss is better than he is. But like they're going to be competing for that type of role. Yeah, like uh ancillary receiving role. He's not any good. He's not. He's bad. Also, how much longer do you want to go by the way? Um I mean my food's on its way here. Maybe when my food gets here, we can stop. Yeah, I was going to say even like Tampa Bay's picking like on the screen right now, like 10 picks away. Like we can even see Yeah, Tampa's pick would be fine. Um my food's supposed to get here at 2:30. So maybe we go till 2:30. Just a 2 and 1/2 hour stream then and pretty even that way. Yeah. Give or take. I think 2:30 is a fine cut off. Like we're not going to

sit here and wait around until Singleton, Keaton, and you know, Eric McAllister get drafted cuz like we might be waiting the whole damn time or damn close to it. >> Literally though. Um for those of you guys that are wondering too, like hey, what's the video schedule? You and I Danny, as soon as we get off of here, we need to maybe plan out the next couple weeks or at least the next week of videos. Um today, if you're wondering, is there going to be a video today? The second the draft is over, I'm going to drop wide receivers to target and avoid uh tonight. So 7:00, 8:00 p.m. tonight Eastern, look out for um 2026 wide receivers to target and avoid. Last year I dropped the running backs first, but obviously given the strength of this class being wide receiver versus running back, I'm dropping uh that here. Um who are some of the off-the-field or injury issue guys that fell in the draft? Uh those types of guys are always how you find gems. Off-the-field concern guys that are falling in the draft,

definitely um Eric McAllister is actually also injury concerned cuz he hurt himself at his pro day as well. Nick Singleton hurt himself at the Senior Bowl. He's probably falling for that reason, I would imagine, but also because he didn't test and had a bad season. Um off-the-field injury, like I'm trying to think who else would be maybe falling because of that stuff. Uh injury, Le'Veon Moss might be falling for that reason. Um Jaylen Hyatt, I think maybe has some attitude issues. He could be falling for that reason, but he also didn't have a good season, so. Phil Bogel. Yeah. Um we'll see what happens though. Uh when do your listener league dynasty drafts kick off? Um most of them are going to probably be next weekend, I would imagine. Maybe there's some sickos that want to draft this weekend. Yeah, probably around there. Uh yeah, I'm going to still be in on Eric McAllister. Wherever Eric McAllister goes, if he's free If he's free, he gets dra He doesn't get drafted

at all, I'll take him on all my taxi squads. If he gets drafted super late, I'll take him on all my fourth round rookie picks or whatever. Again, wherever McAllister goes, I'm going to take swings because I do think he's talented. Dude, I was rostering Ricky White on my taxi squads last year. Of course I'll roster him. >> a knucklehead also, so makes sense. Do you guys prefer rookie drafts right away? I've never done a rookie draft any later than like middle of May. I've never done a rookie draft later than that. So I couldn't tell you if I like doing it in August or not cuz I've never done one that late. >> Yeah, I would never do it in August either, to be fair. Yeah. I I know there's definitely some more casual dynasty leagues out there where people want to wait until closer to the season because, you know, I think of the pro poster child for waiting until August to see the difference in price would have been Damien Pierce this year. Remember Damien Pierce when we did

rookie drafts was like a mid second, late second round rookie pick, but then by August he was steamed up. He was a star for the Texans, and people started taking him in like the first round of rookie drafts in August. >> Yeah. Yeah, I guess um yeah. Which was probably the correct opinion actually at the time because he ended up having that great season. You could have sold high on him, but um long term obviously that didn't really work out. Yep. Um Bryce Young, I got a rank here. Um talking about the rookies that have gone so far, are you taking Chris Purcell on the Panthers? Are you taking Bryce Young on the Saints? Probably Chris Purcell, right? Yeah, I would say so. Uh Malachi Fields or Bryce Young? Young. Okay. Um not at wide receiver, but you're going to take Mike Washington fourth round capital of the Raiders? You going to take Bryce Young? Young. I think I I think I'd take Young as well. Um teammates, Oscar Delp or Bryce Young? Who are you taking? >> Delp.

Okay. Um Keelan Black third round capital of the 49ers or Young. I I think Keelan Black's just added to his price. Yeah, I mean wait till you see Wait till you watch his film. He's not a bad He's not as bad as >> Well, well I've seen him play. Like I wa I watched him in the playoff, but yeah, I know I haven't watched the all-22, but I don't know. Kind of just a guy. This running back class is absolute [ __ ] dog bones by the way. Yeah. I'm not convinced that Keelan Black beats out Jordan James. Um no, I wouldn't be convinced of that either. When do you have the rookie draft? Uh usually a week or two after the NFL draft is uh Yeah, most of my rookie drafts I'd imagine will be next weekend or the weekend after that. That's usually how it goes typically. We actually If any of you guys want to get into leagues with us by the way, um there's a couple orphans in leagues that I'm in. I haven't taken the liberty of going through and collecting the teams

and what they look like and getting screenshots and whatnot. Yeah, I have an orphan I think in Comedy of Errors as well, two in Bush League Dynasty Best Ball. Um Sexy Pat's just filled the orphan in the Bitcoin league that I'm in. I think there's one league that I have one more orphan in as well that I can double check on, but uh Yeah. Pretty much just just some orphans here and there. I can't lie to you and say the orphans are good though. Like they're not good teams. Remember when Mel Kiper said that De'Von Achane would be a second round pick? Yeah, thank god we don't have to deal with that, man. Holy crap. Bro, I need Adam Randall to come off the board soon instantly. Yeah, we're into sleeper season. And again, I'll I'll say this once, twice, three times a lady in here. Uh The third and fourth round of rookie classes, don't overlook it, guys. There are some decent prospects still on the board, and people are going to get their guys and whatnot, but if you have 3.01,

3.06, 3.08, 3.09, 3.10, 4.02, 4.05, 4.06, you might walk out of this draft with two or three good contributors for you. And you might get more Yeah, Gerendo too. than the second round. Yeah, Gerendo too. I just I just mentioned James cuz he was selected last year. Um Also uh How many comps would he get to Antonio Gibson if Adam Randall got drafted by the Commanders with their next pick? Um Yo. Makes sense. How What's going on, Spicy? Yo, what's good, Spicy? What I miss? Not much. >> a small draft recap? Not really a ton. Jonah Coleman to the Broncos the main one of note. >> Yeah, that's the big one. Um The Here, I got all the the media assets loaded in here. Okay, so Jonah Coleman went early fourth round to the Broncos, which effectively um we're kind of of the opinion that's going to really really hurt RJ Harvey and Dobbins probably be involved early in in in the season. Elijah Serrat went to the Ravens in the early fourth round which sucks because Jacobe Lane went there in the third

round and if Serrat had just gone to like the Raiders or something then we'd be have two guys we interested in. Dude, did we pick before them, right? We picked before them. Wait, you had the first pick of the the fourth round. You took Jamar McCoy. >> up I think for that. >> Jamar McCoy though is who you took. >> Yeah, we took the guy with no knees or something. >> No knees but like literally a first round talent if he stays healthy. Yeah, so Serrat and Coleman are the two biggest fantasy prospects that have gone and then a Mike Washington you guys selected in the fourth round as your backup running Oh, great. So Great. The thing I compare it to is he's going to be the Zamir White Alexander Mattison handcuffed to the star running back kind of situation. Like Jensey I think both all of us can agree he'll have like a Dalvin Cook like career and you just got your Mattison in Mike Washington essentially. Yeah. Bryce Lance went to the Saints in the fourth round go along with Tyson Delp

and Alave. >> Lance's brother? Yep. >> Yeah. Oh, nice. Skyler Bell went to the Bills some people might be excited about. I don't think stylistically he was the right type of receiver to take cuz you have and you have DJ Moore already and Klint Thompson went to the Chargers who's just going to be like a field stretching number four receiver I find to guess. They did not want a receiver. Sneaky winners uh uh Trey Harris I think them not drafting a receiver high. QJ they've talked about potentially trading him. It looks like they're probably going to keep him but Trey Harris you know QJ's a free agent after this year maybe Trey Harris can show something that would be interesting. Jack Besh sneaky winner. Yeah, I don't know how the effing [ __ ] the Raiders haven't drafted a receiver yet. I don't know bro. I don't know who Fernando's throwing to just just Brock Bowers. Are they talking about the cyst in the spine of in Nussmeier? Yeah, he has a cyst in his spine. Reggie

Virgil fantasy relevant Reggie Virgil Yeah. He got that removed. Yeah, [ __ ] 4 5 7 baby. Reggie Virgil yeah, just got selected to the um to the Arizona Cardinals. Virgil if I'm not mistaken let me pull this up on the prospect model. labor wire prospect in the model so he's not a very good prospect. He was projected to go pick 182 and he was just selected at 143 here. So like a minor reach by the Cardinals. Virgil has size and to be honest with you I don't see how he's going to really get on the field with Harrison and Wilson out there because they're big receivers also. So I think it would have made more sense for the Cardinals to draft a smaller receiver who had like some shiftiness like a Deon Burks or something in this territory but yeah, Reggie Virgil I mean 6'3 190 pounds like he can play on the outside if they need to move Wilson or Marvin around the formation. He's probably just going to be a third or fourth receiver for them though probably not too fantasy relevant.

Yep. How is Aiyuk going and when? I I think this is maybe one of the biggest takeaways for Brandon Aiyuk is the fact that they drafted only Antonio Williams and not like Carnell Tate at seven overall. That's pretty good news for Aiyuk cuz I think ultimately he'll end up on the Commanders. Yeah, could be. Yeah, he most likely will go to Washington and and them having taken Antonio Williams is why I wouldn't go crazy fellas going oh Antonio Williams on the Commanders number two receiver for Jane Daniels. Like I think it's very likely a Brandon Aiyuk's on that team. Yeah, um >> Who knows they could even bring back Deebo. Deebo's still a free agent right now. Yeah, Bush will never give up on Aiyuk. I mean if you want Sinnett go nuts. I don't think you should. I think Jake Tongus is probably better than him. Um I don't know. Jake Tongus is better than Ben Sinnett. That's take lock if you say otherwise Danny. I want to see Sinnett in a real role. I want to see Tongus in a real role

dude. When he's been when he's been the starter he's been a league Every time he started he was good for 10 fantasy points. Yeah, it might be. He not not might be he was. That's what he he was like a [ __ ] elite producer. I don't know man. I'm a Sinnett Sinnett boy. The term is slap. Sinnett sloppy. You are. You could bet on a touchdown. Yeah, Jake yeah, Jake Tongus anytime touchdown without George Kittle in the lineup was free cash. Speaking of which I need to move Jake Tongus up my dynasty rankings cuz [laughter] it's been it's been it's been too much disrespect. >> how bored we are. Corey did you see Corey did you see the Discord? No. Okay, check it when you get a chance. the Flock League Discord private chat in Discord But yeah, in the Flock fantasy one Mason sent some details. Oh. You're on this mock draft though yeah, I'm on the clock still, right? Oh, sweet. >> [snorts] >> Yes, sir. Oh my god, Nick Barrack goes. Cool.

Can you guys make a video going through each NFL team's depth chart and use that to update your rankings? I mean we kind of know them for the most part like we could make a video about it if anybody wants that information for sure. What can can you expand on what you mean by that? Um Example okay, I see what you mean like oh this guy is the number two. We don't usually first of all just like from philosophical perspective yes, it's important that like Mooney's a riser because he is technically like the number two receiver on the Giants right now but it's not like an exact science to be like this guy is the number two guy on the depth chart ergo he's going to be like way better for fantasy now. Like for example Jack Besh on the Raiders depth chart they haven't selected a receiver yet but I'm not going like oh Trey Tucker's a number one receiver now. Like just because he's the number one receiver on their depth chart I'm not going to like get amped about Trey Tucker all of a

sudden. So it's somewhat useful but I think it's actually more useful for like best ball in redraft than anything because it's like oh this guy is going to be on the field he's going to be running routes. That's how you get to like Alec Pierce for example being a good best ball pick last year where it's like this guy is going to be on the field running routes. Like ultimately that's that's what's good. Like you could argue hey, Trey Tucker could be a good best ball pick this year probably. depending on where he's going. Yeah. I think it'd be good to remind people what the rosters look like now. Because like like for that example who the [ __ ] remembers that Mooney is on the Giants? Like who who remembers that? Like normal people wise. Well, the other thing too is like once June 1st hits or the June 5th I think is usually the cut off date for it not affecting the compensatory pick formula to sign players anymore. That's when you're going to see Stefon

Diggs go somewhere, Keenan Allen go somewhere, Deebo Samuel go somewhere, AJ Brown get traded to the Patriots most likely. Like teams are just they understand the compensatory pick formula that the cat's out of the bag. Like 10 years ago like three teams cared about the the compensatory pick formula. Now everybody does it where after that first wave of free agency the big names go off the board you don't get any of those big names nobody's getting signed until June. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, David Njoku another good example. He'll probably go somewhere after that that pick formula happens. I fear my brain is fried. Yeah, [laughter] June 1st is when the cap stuff happens for cuts and for trades so that's why they're waiting until June 1st for the AJ Brown thing and then I I believe it's June 5th is the compensatory pick date formula no longer mattering. Let me pick deadline 2026 compensatory selections um When is the date that it no longer matters? um officially announced then

pick formula deadline I'm trying to figure this out. I don't see it anywhere on Google. What did the Saints do? Oh, deadline for free agent signings. Oh, it's actually Monday. I didn't actually know that. The deadline for free agent signings to impact the compensatory pick formula is Monday April 27th which is new. It used to be in June. So that means we might see a wave of free agency hit after the NFL draft knowing that that's the case. Cuz June 1st that stuff matters for contracts and salary cap but Hey, the formula being pushed up is good. You remember when we were talking about Raiders busts? >> Oh, wow. That's hilarious. What? Remember the name we were talking about yesterday about Raiders busts? Like who the [ __ ] did they take in the draft out of Texas Tech? And then we were up on him and I'm like >> He's got traded to the He just got traded to the Saints. Oh, that's funny. For what? A round six from five picks? How many busts have the Raiders drafted

in the last 20 years? All of them. In first round alone? First round alone like it's it's bad. Like it's How many of their players drafted in the first round in the last 20 years here. Let's do it. Number one is JaMarcus Russell obviously not even close. He's the biggest bust in NFL history potentially. Gallery played a while I don't think he'd be number two. Number two overall pick though. Yeah, but he played a long enough time that I think like for example I think that's more disappointing than taking like an okay or bad Darius Heyward-Bey at seventh overall I think it's worse than Robert Gallery. Maybe. Darius Heyward-Bey is ass. Robert Gallery has been in the league for like 12 years at guard. Yeah, but basically the question is in terms of draft capital and usually most years it's probably seventh overall plus a future first rounder probably gets you to number two overall. Yes, but Darius Heyward-Bey was projected to go in like round four. Like

Robert Gallery was at least projected to go that high and just didn't work, you know what I mean? Yeah. And he moved to guard and made a Pro Bowl. Like he made a Pro Bowl. I mean Darren McFadden was good. Contextually speaking like I think the draft capital is worse than Gallery in my opinion. Fair. Rolando McClain. Fair. Fair. Clelin Ferrell. Clelin Ferrell they took over Brian Burns and Josh Allen. Yeah, no Jonathan Abram was in that class too. Jonathan Abram Yeah, he I mean he was a 20s pick so it's not as bad but Jonathan Abram was really a bad pick. Kolton Miller was good. Ruggs isn't playing right now also. Yeah. Ruggs isn't Damon Arnette should have been Damon Arnette right. Alex Leatherwood. Like this is the worst drafting team in the last 20 years and it's not even Hey, wait. We we got Khalil Mack, Amari Cooper. Like I feel like when we hit we hit but when we miss it's bad. A a dog could have taken Amari Cooper. Yeah, I mean Like there was no skill involved with taking

Amari Cooper. Okay. >> Holy [ __ ] the Raiders suck. Good take. >> A dog could have taken Amari Cooper. A dog could have taken um Fernando Mendoza. A dog could have taken Khalil Mack. A dog could have taken Ashton Jeanty. A Brock Bowers same thing. Like these players that they took I mean I'll give you some credit for taking Bowers cuz he was a 13th pick. Like things could have you know you had to make a decision at least. Um same with Mack too. He was a Mack conference guy so it's like you you took a risk by taking Khalil Mack. Josh Jacobs in the late Clelin Jeanty and Mendoza you get absolutely no credit for. Like those were all great prospects. Like no >> Yeah, I'll take them. I'll take all of them. Yeah, Fabian Washington right before Aaron Rodgers. Who was the quarterback of the Raiders at that time? That they thought they were fine. Like I can't talk a lot of [ __ ] We took Cadillac Williams instead of Aaron Rodgers when we easily could have taken him but

That's a good point. It's an ego thing for a lot of these [ __ ] coaches. They just think hey [ __ ] I want to look smart so therefore I'm going to take the guy that goes fifth round consensus in the second round just to just to [ __ ] bone the libs. Yeah, no kidding. >> [laughter] >> Um okay. >> it's hell in in Las Vegas. How much longer do we want to roll here cuz my food's almost here? Um we said Tampa pick. I'm actually even just down to run it right now if you want. Yeah. Yeah, that pick's kind of far. The pick's far man. We're going to be on here for another 30 minutes at until Tampa pick. I'm exhausted and I have to move a bunch of rocks in my backyard so that's okay. Yeah, okay. We're going to sign out of here fellas. Unfortunately we didn't get a ton of fantasy relevant guys while we were live but I mean we've been live for two hours and Elijah Holyfield and Jonah Coleman are basically the only two guys

that mattered that were drafted. And Skylar Bell and Bryce Love I suppose as well. >> Mason took a laser tag [ __ ] break and still came back to nothingness that happened. He took a [ __ ] two hour laser tag break, came back and had as much information as we did. Yeah, I know. I think it matters more to you guys that our draft guide gets updated and our wide receivers to target and avoid video gets out than we stay live for another two hours talking about nonsense. So I appreciate you guys for tuning in. Great trade Arthur. Shake hands on it. I traded Arthur Luther Burden for a mid to late projected one and two in next year's class in one of the leagues that we're in so shout out. Um appreciate you guys for tuning in again. Stay tuned. We're going to have tons of videos this week. Rookie mocks, um target players to target and avoid at each position, um mistakes not to make, uh you know, all that stuff. Sleepers, everything we're going to talk through throughout this week. Um we will be

going through that and um make sure to stay tuned tonight wide receivers to target and avoid and we'll probably do our first rookie mock I'd imagine tomorrow or something like that. So that being said, peace out. Talk to you soon.
