Let's break down a Dynasty startup rankings refresh. We're going to go through our top 36 dynasty players in Superflex Leagues and we're going to go through our top 41 overall assets because we are going to include high-end rookie picks in this discussion point. Danny, let's get it kicked off with your decision at the 101. In a Superflex league, who do you go with? Do you go with Drake May the young 23-year-old 24 year old in the Super Bowl in his second season asset who after his 2025 year already has posted a 20 plus point per game season as a fantasy quarterback and you expect for the next 10 to 15 years him to be a staple part of your dynasty roster or do you go with the dude the dude who's been the dude for a number of years Josh Allen 29.7 years old will be 30 next year which maybe will make a couple of Dynasty managers squeamish but when you look at the career game logs the career average. QB2, QB2, QB1, QB3, QB1, QB3. This guy is a lock for top three production. Seemingly over the

last seven years, he's been that way. >> Yeah. And not to discriminate the asset that Josh Allen's been because obviously he's in this tier. He is one of the premier assets that we have quite frankly ever seen in Dynasty Superflex. But when I'm looking at the fact that Drake May was within one point per game for of him this year and is that much younger, when you're at that 101 and you want to maintain flexibility, a 23.4 franchise quarterback, top two MVP candidate already playing in the Super Bowl, what if they go out there and trade for AJ Brown? What if they go out there and add a dominant alpha wide receiver? To me, with Drake May, you are just getting a rroll on a younger Josh Allen. >> Yeah. Yeah. And especially like you can see now we have integrated our range of outcomes tool right into the players when you click into them. And when you're 23 years old it's pretty uncommon for you to drop a 20 point per game season. You see Deshun Watson did it in

2018. Jaylen Herz did it in 2021. Cam Newton in 2012. Matthew Stafford in 2011. Like Josh Allen didn't get Stefon Diggs was 24 years old before he posted his first 20 point per game season. So Drake May is actually ahead of schedule as far as the Josh Allen comp or the Josh Allen career trajectory. So I do personally prefer Drake May over Josh Allen in a startup. Like you said, it gives you that flexibility that you can go rebuild, you can tank for a couple years or you can do exactly what most people want to do, which is win right away because he is still going to be a top five quarterback off the board and reddraft. >> Yeah, I'm gonna have to talk have a talk with Nathan, number seven overall. I don't know where that came from. >> Yeah, that seems a little bit shocking. I guess it's just Avery and Nathan weighing down the ranking here because Sammy, Mason, Zach, myself, and you are all at least 101 or 102. >> Yeah. And I mean, Josh Allen, he's going

to be, I'm assuming, top two by everybody, probably number one. Uh, you know, if you're in a contention window, because when it comes down to it, and I ask you this question, Corey, who's the likeliest quarterback to score 25 plus points per game? The answer is Josh Allen. >> Yeah. But my answer and rebuttal to why I would prefer Drake May off the board is let's do the ACL test. Both these guys tear their ACL. Who's going higher in startups? The answer is Drake May because he's 23 years old. >> Yep. I agree. Fascinating conversation. If you get the 101 or the 102 in your recent startup, you're feeling very good about yourself >> for sure. So, let's move into the A tier. And this one has, you know, a little bit cross positional stuff. We have a couple of wide receivers. Puka, Jamar Chase, Jackson Smith, and Jigba. All wide receivers who are respectively the third or the top three highest wide receivers off the board in big board drafts right now. and overall reddraft

leagues. I would imagine they're going to be top five, top six picks off the board for everybody. And they're all under the age of what? Jamar's the oldest one here and he's 25.9 years old. So, you're expecting three to four years of great production at the very least from these guys. And then you have these two absolutely legendary stud running backs at age 24 years old. Bjun Robinson coming off of a 22 point per game season and Jir Gibbs coming off of I believe also a 22 point per game season here. 21 and a half point per game season. So, those guys all very productive. And then we'll we'll touch on the quarterbacks, the second year guys in a second. But when it comes to a startup, when you're trying to build the foundation of your team, you don't get one of those top end quarterbacks with the first two picks, or unless you're Nathan, you get Drake May at 107. Um, these guys are the staple assets you build around. These are your hammers in your starting

lineup. >> Cream of the crop, the oldest of the receivers here is going to be Jamar Chase. I believe he turns 26 on March 3rd, I want to say. Um, I just remember his his birthday was relatively close to mine. You're getting the track record. You're getting the attachment to Burrow. Obviously, we saw him break fantasy football, number one wide receiver in 2024. Very safe asset if you're picking at the top end of the first round once those top two quarterbacks are gone. With Puka Nua, I would argue is the highest ceiling of these three wide receivers. What he was able to do this past year was actually on a per game basis before he got hurt. Even better than what Jamar Chase was doing. So, just begs a question, hey, we know he has Matthew Stafford. Obviously, the level that he was playing at this year, 41 plus touchdowns, top two MVP candidate. And Puka Nakua, I think the way he played, the way he attack attacks the football at the catch point. Another factor with Puka is when these guys age,

JSN, Jamar Chase, they're more relying on their explosive ability. With Puka Nua, he relies on being a big physical player at the catch point. And to me, it can age more so the DeAndre Hopkins type of route. >> Yeah, he can age gracefully when you play like this, especially when you factor in like when Puka's been on the field. I guess maybe if you're, you know, tiebreaking here, Puka has dealt with more injuries than these other two guys. Jamar has been a little bit more durable. JSN's been a little bit more durable, but man, Puka's been an absolute monster. Like, it's when this guy's out there, he is truly like maybe the best wide receiver in all of fantasy football. >> Oh, yeah. And especially when you have on top of that the attachment to Shawn McVey the rest of his career pretty much. Again, I I can say that pretty confidently. Pukanaku is going to have one of the all-time head coaches at his helm. >> Yeah. And I mean with Jamar, you're

getting the best quarterback situation long term, but then again, you know, there's rumblings that Burough might not be happy in Cincinnati. If we assume that they figure all that stuff out, it sounds like those reports are starting to slow down just a little bit. Jamar's been basically one of the best receivers in the league since he's entered the league, a 20 plus point per game receiver anytime Burrow is healthy. You feel very good about him. Again, the one thing that you could say is a maybe a minor detractor when you take Jamar is that because he's 26 years old, you are a little bit more pigeonhold into going competitive in a startup. Whereas with JSN and Puka, you could probably you could uh puntier out of the startup if you had to because they're still 23 and 24 years old. >> Yeah, JSN the youngest of the three. Um I think he's got like I I don't even want to say the biggest question mark cuz 22.49 points per game. Absolutely phenomenal. I am a little curious to see

how the offense operates with Kubak potentially going to the Las Vegas Raiders. Obviously, you see as well 3.7 uh 3.76 yards per run, double his next career year. Again, he's still up there. He's still a clear top end wide receiver in the league. I do believe he's going to be able to replicate what he did this year, but does that turn from 22.49 with Kubak to maybe more so the 19 to 20.5 range? >> Yeah. Yeah. I would say, you know, we have no sample in which Puka Nua and Jamar Chase in their NFL careers have been anything other than top five NFL wide receivers. Whereas with with JSN, for the first two years of his career, he was more like not that relevant his rookie year. And then in his second year was probably a top 15 receiver in the league, not a top three receiver like he was this season. So that'd be the only tiebreers. Again, you got legendary running backs with these next picks. These are anchors. These are dudes that if you're going like you do kind of have

to go competitive at a startup when you take a running back with your first pick. They're 24. So again, in theory, you could punt one year if you absolutely had to, but generally speaking, when I take Bejan, when I take Gibbs, I'm looking to go more so with a competitive build. >> Yeah. >> And these two guys are going to be top three overall fantasy picks for the next three years, I would imagine. And and that production is hard to come by, especially when you take pound-for-pound the best two running backs in football as well from a talent perspective. >> Yeah. In terms of ADP on the big board right now, Bejian actually goes as the 1-1. Obviously, when you factor in a little bit more PPR in your dynasty leagues, the wide receiver position having a little bit longer of a shelf life, I do have those wide receivers slightly ahead. But if you want to argue Bejon Robson up to the third overall player, I will hear you out because there's a real possibility he can break

fantasy football this year. Jir Gibbs isn't too far behind. He is the third overall player in ADP. So these skill position players is a reason why we're taking them over the next batch of quarterbacks because Bjan won 11, Puka one two, Jir Gibbs won three, Jamar Chase 14, and JSN5 is the current ADP order. >> Yeah, look at some of those, you know, historical comps. You got Shady McCoy, Zeke Elliot, Jir Gibbs. Like these dudes when they're this young and they're this talented. And by the way, he could, you know, not have Tyler Algier snipe him on the goal line anymore because he's a free agent this year. And I expect Tyler Algier to get some nice money in free agency. I think he's going to price himself out of Atlanta. So, uh, Bejon might have truly his 25 26 27 point per game season. The before the year I had a bold prediction that this season would get named after Bejon. I might have been a year early on that I think it could be 2026 that gets named after Bejian

Robinson. Again, Jir Gibbs, we know David Montgomery, another similar situation there. It's possible he's gone. Um, could they replace that role? I think it's possible maybe even with Tyler Algier who's a little bit younger. Um, but I do think that you're looking at Jir Gibbs. He's been a top eight running back every all three seasons of his fantasy career and running back two and running back three respectively the last two seasons. And he is a couple months younger than Bejian as well. Still just a hair under 24. >> Yeah. And you can argue too, you do see uh he had overall his most carries of his NFL career, highest overall snap percentage. But the other thing that I'm really looking at here is we haven't truly seen the, you know, big time breakout as a receiver. 38.5 yards per game this year. I would argue he has a lot more in store potentially going forward, especially if Sam Leaport is going to be banged up entering the year with that back injury.

>> Yeah. Not to mention, too, like running backs typically do peak around the end of their rookie contracts, age 24 through 26. And I think both of these two guys could have their peak seasons ahead. Like we might look back on 2026 and be like, "Yeah, they were 25 point per game running backs." And those assets are unreplaceable. You cannot replace that asset from a reddraft perspective. And when they're 24 years old, it's very hard to replace them from a dynasty perspective. Let's talk about these two quarterbacks. other than Drake May. I mean, this 2024 quarterback class has produced three top 10 assets in our startup rankings combined here. And I should make note here that this first tier, this S tier of players, we're talking like four random first round picks in Superflex to move off of Drake May or Josh Allen. This next tier is more like three plus first round picks. >> Whether you're going after the receivers, the two running backs, or these two quarterbacks here, Jaden

versus Caleb. Now, Caleb obviously the better year this season, Jaden the better year the rookie season. And I would say from a fantasy perspective, when Jaden is healthy, you're looking at a better fantasy asset given the fact that he's rushing, you know, uh, almost a full inside the five carry per game. He's rushing for 50 plus yards per game when healthy. The question, I guess maybe a tiebreaker that some people would use is that Jaden has not been able to stay healthy, at least this past year. >> Yeah, and that is a fair rebuttal. However, I would argue from a pure fantasy perspective, we already saw the 20 point per game year in his rookie year. And on top of that specifically, as good as Caleb is, we know exactly what his offensive situation is, which is obviously a positive. Again, Ben Johnson year two in the system. He's going to have a great year. You guys know my thoughts on Coulson and Lovelin. Obviously, the two other wide receivers there long term. We'll see what they do

with DJ Moore. Everything we know about the situation with Caleb is kind of finite in terms of where we value him. The thing that is impressive about Jaden Daniels is what if they go out there with that seventh overall pick and they add another complimentary receiver. They add a guy like Jeremiah Love. We already have the basis of him outproducing Caleb in each of the last two years in terms of his first rookie season being the highest scoring season of the four. It's just the question like if we can get that passing ceiling a little bit up and we know that he's going to be able to contribute 700 yards, six plus touchdowns on the ground, he inherently has the higher fantasy football ceiling. But like you said, because of some of the risk, the injury concerns, their ADP is actually virtually identical right now. 64.1 for Caleb, 64.8 for Jaden Daniels in the big board. >> Yeah, it looks like as far as the site experts are concerned, you and I are kind of in line with average on like

slightly above on Caleb Williams. Like you're at nine, I'm at again, we we did this where we combined our two rankings. I'm actually at nine as well. Um Mason has him at third overall Caleb Williams. So he's obviously very drinking the Kool-Aid on the Ben Johnson year, too. I've heard Curt Warner come out like some QB gurus say and Ben Johnson's offense is hard, man. Year two, you're going to see a different Caleb Williams. And I think that that is exactly why I'm ranking him as a top 10 dynasty asset. But Sammy a little bit more in line with about the average of the two and then Avery, Zack, and Nathan a little bit more skeptical as far as like what Caleb Williams can be. But you go out there at age 24 years old when you do like you did with Caleb Williams and you post what was essentially a top, you know, 20 point per game season. He was just a hair under 20 points per game. Uh, I think that's more impressive than what Jane Daniels did as a rookie because

Jane Daniels was 24 years old as a rookie. Caleb Williams a couple years younger. >> Hey, you know what these two quarterbacks also have in common? >> What's that? >> They were rostered by Denny Lad in the Flock League. [laughter] >> Yeah, exactly. Uh, I actually had Caleb for a good portion of the year as well because I uh used him in sparing moments when Lamar Jackson was out. Um, let's move into the next tier, guys. Again, this A tier, three first round picks or so is what we would be paying for that. And again, if you guys don't know, we have a Dynasty trade value chart, brand new update live on the site right now. And if you're enjoying the site, you get to see a lot of the features here. You can check that out link down uh at the bottom of the screen there. If you use code FSE, you get 30% off, a 7-day free trial, and a free live team review when you sign up annually. Very good time to sign up annually right now because our draft guide, first edition of our

Dynasty rookie draft guide is coming out about two weeks from now. So, that will get you good, you know, preparation for your rookie drafts, the first 25 players. It is a video draft guide. So, you're going to get 25 brand new videos. Danny and I breaking down their film. Of course, we'll have updates post combine. We'll have updates postdraft. And we'll have about 50 or 60 players with video and graphics like you can see here with Antonio Williams on the screen right now. You'll have this kind of graphic and you'll also have the video format of us breaking down their film. Let's move in to the B tier here where we have a couple more quarterbacks, couple more wide receivers, the rookie 101, which most people assume to be Jeremiah Love, but it's the 101 asset that we're talking about here. and then Aman Ross St. Brown um as well kind of into that group of receivers. Where do you want to start? You want to go quarterbacks, wide receivers, 101? >> Yeah, I think we go with the two veteran

quarterbacks. Uh both these guys are top six quarterbacks in ADP. I guess the main question people might be having Corey is by our consensus Joe Burrow is one spot ahead of Lamar. I actually personally have Lamar one spot ahead, but given that you're a little bit lower on Lamar Jackson, given that we're both kind of in line with what we thought about Joe Burrow, that's kind of what it ended up being after consensus. The question that I have is there's like an 18 pick discrepancy between them in reddraft and personally if I have the option of going Lamar at 47.8 or Joe Burrow at 65.6 I'm going Burrow every single time there. >> Yeah. Yeah. The the I mean Lamar the thing that I'm a little bit worried about is that Lamar is 29 years old. Burrow is 29 years old. Both of them have had their share of injuries whether it's Burrow with the you know elbow injury that he had obviously the turf toe that he was dealing with this year. He tore his ACL his rookie season. Lamar

has been kind of more ticky tack stuff whereas Burrow's been suffering more major injuries. I would say Lamar kind of banged up on and off all year. As the Lamar manager in the Flock league, I can tell you he was on the injury report with something different every single week and I was always wondering if I was going to be having him to be available. So with both of these guys, I would say of the two of them, the team, Cincinnati Bengals feel a lot more confident in Joe Burrow. They're, you know, going to give him all his extensions. He has T. Higgins and Jamar Chase locked up long term. He has Chase Brown in the back field. Whereas Lamar Jackson, there seems to be a little bit of a rift with the Baltimore Ravens, maybe it's the ultimate reason that John Harbaugh was fired. We don't exactly know. And my thing, as you said, with the receivers with Pukanuku versus the other guys. I think Burrow's game ages more gracefully, right? Because Lamar Jackson is this freakish athlete. He's this guy

that's going to take a little bit more hits the second he loses a step. We saw what it looked like this year. He was not the same level of runner this year and the production was nothing special. We're talking 17.91 points per game. And a lot of that carried by the early season portion when he was healthy. So, um, my worry for Lamar Jackson really is does this start to take a toll on his body? Does he start to wear down? Are we looking at most people assume 29y old quarterback, you got 10 more years. Are we looking at more of a three to four year window asset whereas Burrow is more of a seven, eight year window asset? >> Yeah. And that's the debate with Lamar Jackson because he is very polarizing in terms of the range of outcomes. If the falloff does start to happen, obviously you just kind of outlined the concerns, but the fight the push back, the fight back that a lot of pro Lamar people will have is that well, I mentioned earlier in this video, if anybody in the NFL

this year is going to have a 25 plus point game season at quarterback, it's going to be Josh Allen. The next closest going to be Lamar Jackson because he's done it two times in his NFL career. >> Yeah, he's truly one of the best fantasy football quarterbacks that's ever lived. Like he he he is I said that when I took him in the Flockley because I'm like I I don't know how I could possibly go wrong with this pick. And of course, the year I take him, he has like the worst season he has in seven seasons. So, um, Lamar Jackson, again, there's a little bit of up and down nature to him. His weapons long term, you know, Isaiah likely's hitting the free agent market. Mark Andrews doesn't look like he's the same player anymore. Derrick Henry's up there in age. Really, it's Zay Flowers and a bunch of other dudes. Maybe they add in the draft or whatever, but I feel better about Burrow's weapons obviously because they have Chase Higgins locked up.

>> Let me ask you this. If they added, let's just say like a Denzel Boston type, would you be more intrigued? Let's say they traded down from like 14 to the early 20s and they scooped him up. Would you be more intrigued than Lamar Jackson in that instance? >> I would. Yeah, I think that shows some confidence in Lamar at that point where you know you're going to let him throw the ball a little bit more because that's the other thing too is pass volume is always going to favor Joe Burrow based on how these two guys operate. And if Lamar is in any way less of a rusher than he's been, which is like a 50 60 rushing yards per game guy, then there's not going to be a major difference production-wise between these two guys because you need Lamar to be Lamar in order for him to get to that 25 point per game type of season. Yeah. So, fun conversation out of the two quarterbacks. CD Lamb is somebody that I actually don't even have ranked the highest on the site. That shocked me. I

thought, you know, hey, um, everybody would be lower on CD Lamb than me, but I'm actually about middle of the pack in terms of where I have them ranked. And I think most of that is just where I have the quarterbacks in relation to maybe where Avery, Nathan, and Mason have them. But I think it's pretty simple. CD Lamb seventh overall uh ADP right now on the big board. Obviously, a down year relative to his career average in terms of 2025. also bake in it says 15.45 that's including the game against Chicago who played 9% of the snaps realistically on average about a 17 17 and a half point per game score the large part of that though was just inconsistencies at the catch point this year only three touchdowns from CD Lamb the target share numbers were there the access to overall yardage and a high volume passing offense is there I personally think with CD Lamb if we can see the touchdown numbers get back up to what we saw in 2023 we could still be talking about a 22 plus point per game

score. Yeah, I think that 2019 diggs um range of outcomes right there where he had a 20 point per game season. I believe that was his first year in Buffalo um in 2020. Um I could see CD Lamb kind of being almost like the Trey McBride where it's like that's just such an outlier touchdown number. We know it's going to correct itself and that's that's obviously if you took the endactly. So Lamb, I I let you explain it. I think it's pretty straightforward. He's obviously a great player still. I do think that I'm like I still have him ranked that way even though I expect George Pickins to be extended. It's not that I'm ranking Lamb expecting Pickkins to leave in free agency. >> If Pickkins wasn't there, he'd be a tear up. >> Yeah. Yeah. And I think it's possible that P probably the most likely scenario is that Pickkins gets franchise tagged and maybe they work out a long-term deal a week before the season because that's Jerry Jones special there. Um but a

>> Malik is another interesting conversation because at 22 and a half years old, we're talking about the youngest receiver on this entire list, including some of the rookies. like he's still younger than some of the rookies that are incoming in this class because he is that he was that young coming out. Malik Neighbors obviously coming off of an ACL tear. The worry here is that he has somewhat of a lost third season in the NFL. Whether it's the first six games, the first 10 games, we don't exactly know. And is he the same level of athlete because Neighbors was a freak show, man. Like Neighbors was a literal freak show coming out of college. And I think we're all pretty much in lock step on the site that yeah, he's a top 20 asset. He's a guy that we want to invest in in Dynasty, but it wouldn't shock me if his market value is a little bit more fluctuating because of what he looks like when he gets back on the field. >> And part of me too, um, I also have to

bake in the fact that like what if he is placed on the pup to start the year? There's reports coming out that there's no even guarantee he's going to be ready by mini camp. And on top of that, I mean, it's a whole new coaching staff. There's a lot of stuff he still has to learn. Uh, Matt Naggie just got hired as the OC. There's a lot of mental stuff he has to get over on top of the physical aspect of recovering from a multi- ligament tear. So, that's the one thing with Neighbors I do have concern about. However, if he does come out, he looks healthy, maybe he's averaging 80 yards per game. Like, there's a very real possibility he's a top seven overall player in our rankings. >> Yeah, especially when you factor in he was wide receiver, seven in fantasy, 18 points per game with the worst quarterbacks you'd ever seen. And if Jackson, who's in this list, ends up being a franchise quarterback, we're talking about two guys that'll both be

top 10, top 12 startup picks this time next year if they're able to make magic together. And that's including, let's say, they resign. They add a receiver in the draft. Like, I think all of that is only going to really help Neighbors because I think he's that much of a target alpha. He outproduced Brian Thomas for years at LSU. I'm not really worried about other receivers getting added. I think it honestly only helps him. >> Yeah. So, I am curious. Again, like this is going to depend on the archetype of receiver. Like if they draft one at five, cuz the other thing too, it's like John Harbaugh, what if he just says, "Hey, I want to get my next Kyle Hamilton and he drafts Caleb DS." Like, that's in the possibilities. But let's just say they they do draft a wide receiver number five overall. I think the archetype is going to be telling for how they want to use Malik Neighbors. They draft a carninal tape pure x wide receiver downfield offense compliment.

>> I think we can see a lot more slot usage from neighbors this year because as we know Rasheed Rice in the Naggie offense last year that's the bread and butter of the Casey offense feeding looked underneath >> Rice roll is scary dude. >> Um but then on the inverse it's like if it's more of like they drafted Mai Lemon that's going to be more telling that they view him as an outside guy. So I'm really fascinated to see how the Giants attack the offseason. Yeah, I I'd be shocked if they took a receiver at five in general, but I think if they do, it would be Tate because he does fit the offense better. I think they'd be more likely to trade down and go for a wide receiver or to take like an edge rusher, offensive tackle, one of those like more important positions potentially to build out the rest of the offense. But, um, pretty straightforward with Drake London and Amanra St. Brown. There's not really much to say here. Drake London is 24 years old. He was wide receiver seven in

points per game this season. Wide receiver 14 in points per game the year before that. maybe not the ultimate ceiling breaker that like you know Chase and JSN and those kind of guys are but we know that London's going to be a projection for you know a 20 point per game ceiling next year and we don't really know what's going on with the offense with the quarterback play and all that kind of stuff but I do think Kevin Stfansky is going to realize and recognize that this is his number one receiver >> and that's the biggest question mark like is it going to be you know obviously Penn's coming off the ACL tear uh what's >> Sounds like Cousins get by the sounds of it >> um so they they have full faith in Penn and honestly that makes me a little bit more concerned about Drake. >> Yeah, a little at least with the the break glass in case of emergency Kirk Cousins backup quarterback. You'd feel good that hey, if PennX goes down, which he's been known to do dating back to his

college career, um you'd at least have the, you know, the veteran backup quarterback who was probably the best backup quarterback in the league. >> Yeah. I mean, hear me out. you know, it'd be a decent like if they were to lose cousins, let's just say hypothetically, >> why not bring in a guy like Gino Smith considering that archetype wise, like you know, he's going to be able to feed >> coming out of school. >> Exactly. Like I said, I honestly, it's funny looking back because I said Michael, Michael Penn is on like the spectrum between a Jacobe Brassette and a Gino Smith. That's basically like he's just been worse than both. [laughter] >> Yeah, look at those ranges of outcomes, man. You see a 24 wide receiver season with, you know, Godwin breakout. Michael Thomas breakout, Collins breakout, like the these this is a legit dude. Uh people underrate how good Drake London is from time to time in my opinion. >> I mean the answer is Drew Brees, but

realistically if we get sustained quarterback play like he's the closest to Michael Thomas I would say in the league right now. >> Yeah. No, for sure. St. Brown again pretty straightforward. Another guy who's been very productive. He's 26 years old though. So you do have to factor in that once you take him probably more in a competitive shell competitive window. You get him in the mid-second round after taking Puka Nakua in the first round. I mean, you got two anchors to build your receiver core around and so on and so forth. This is a guy who has not finished outside of the top five wide receivers in fantasy each of the last three seasons. You know exactly what you're getting. There's nothing really to be said about a Monra. The only last part of this discussion is 101. Jeremiah Love. We do have him, I guess, technically RB3 here, but it is the asset 101, not necessarily Jeremiah Love. So, we're factoring in, hey, what happens if someone in your league really

values one of the other players after Jeremiah Love? And it also factors in Jeremiah loves most likely landing spots going to potentially Kansas City, potentially Washington, potentially the New Orleans Saints. Each of those teams in the top 10 with those draft capital assets, you invest in a running back, you feel like he's going to get the volume. And especially if it is Kansas City or Washington, you have quarterback play, you have offensive stability. >> Yeah. And that's the number one factor here is uh we are ranking the ass at the 101, not just Jeremiah Love. Some people might be commenting, well, is Jeremiah Love that significantly ahead of the next tier of running backs we'll talk about Ctier. And you can make the case maybe even 70% of the landing spots he can go to, it's probably about on average around that range. But the fact of the matter is in the 101 you have more flexibility on the trade market because if somebody needs a quarterback, that's going to increase the value of

the pick. Somebody is in love with Mai Lemon or Carnell Tate or Jordan Tyson, that's going to increase the value of the pick. Or with Jeremiah Love himself, if he goes to a situation like Washington or like the Kansas City Chiefs, you could even be talking about him as a top 12 asset. >> Yeah. No, absolutely. So, let's move into the C tier here. And you mentioned kind of the next tier of running backs. We can kind of just pivot right into that conversation. You have Ashen Genty. Obviously, not a great rookie season this year, coming off 14.4 points per game, but that's exactly what Bejian Robinson did his rookie season when he didn't have a quarterback either. You had Desmond Ritter throwing the ball. Genty is going to get not only a quarterback upgrade at first overall with Fernando Mendoza, but probably a lot of offensive line upgrades as well, which was the biggest problem for him because when you look at the numbers for Ashen Genty, it wasn't really a volume

issue. I mean, you see 16.6 carries per game, 4.6 6 targets per game. It was more an efficiency issue. 3.7 yards per carry. And a lot of that was when you look at the advanced metrics, yards before contact per attempt and stuff like that. >> Yeah. Well, out of his 3.7 yard yards yards per carry, the majority of that came after contact because the Raiders could not get any push up front. And you could argue at multiple factors. The Raiders had a Nepo baby offensive line coach, which was P. Carol's son that reported after the season when they fired Carol that he just wasn't doing his due diligence with a young offensive line and developing them. So immediately you bring in potentially Clint Kubak as your next head coach. He he hires a you know good offensive line mind to be able to stabilize that. And we saw like Kenneth Walker, Zack Charbanet, the Seahawks offense top five level rushing offense across the entire year. You get Ashen Genty in the Charbanet plus Kenneth Walker role, you could be

talking about a top three running back this season. >> Yeah. No, absolutely. I'm pretty bought into Genty. I think they're going to make some additions. I think he'll he he'll gain more value the more offensive line stuff we see. The more once Mendoza is actually in the building and all that kind of stuff. The bottom line is he was a great prospect. He has a receiving role. He is going to get everything under the sun as far as volume. Um Devon Aan we could talk about as well because obviously he just lost Mike McDaniel which is maybe affecting some people's view of him. They did bring in another Shanahan disciple and Bobby Sloick who hasn't really had a great run out in Houston when he was there, but he did push Joe Mix into a great season. >> Yeah. And again, like we'll we'll talk about uh spoiler alert uh the player that attained Mike McDaniel or acquired Mike McDaniel in a second, but Devon Achan, what else is it to say? One of the most explosive backs in the league.

Obviously, we're getting that tetherment to a receiving role potentially, too. Like, what's going on with Tyreek Hill? Is he going to be on the team this year? Is he going to be, you know, on IR throughout the season as there's just so many question marks in that regard. All I know though is if it's Jaylen Wadd and insert rookie wide receiver here, Devon Aan's going to get peppered with 85 plus targets yet again. >> Yeah. No, absolutely. And again, when you see those comps, I mean, you got Maurice Jones, Drew, Adrien Peterson, Zeke Elliott, like 24 year old running backs, Dvin Cook, guys who are 24 years old putting up 20 points per game, they usually keep that train rolling regardless of what changes in their offense and their team. And then Amarian Hampton, like you said, the other kind of running back that's in this tier. A lot of this >> Yeah, exactly. A lot of this is more so, okay, we're projecting forward. Mike McDaniel, obviously coming in, he is a

run guru. He is probably one of the best run coordinators in the NFL. Maybe not named like Kyle Shanahan, the guy he came from. Um, but 15 points per game as a rookie, you could definitely see like one of these year two kind of leaps from this player because when he was on the field, he was getting targets. I mean, four targets per game. Look at the splits when he was out there getting the full workload. Game against Denver had seven targets, five targets, six targets, etc. So, I think Amarian Hampton, we're looking at a guy who given the offense, given the play caller change, could be on route to a 20point pregame season as a year two player. >> Adding back to franchise tackles, Amarian Hampton mentally a lot more advanced than he was at the start of last year. Um, potentially like what's going on with the backup running back situation? Is it going to be Naji? Is it going to be, you know, somebody that they add? >> I expect it to be Vidal probably. Yeah. Yeah. Vidal of course too had a had a

good end of the year. That that's a good show. Regardless though, I think Mike McDaniel is going to get into the building. CR in Hampton see this three down skill set and know that he wants to build his offense around it. And I do think with improved offensive line play with Justin Herbert being his quarterback, you could be looking at a 300 touch 15 total touchdown from scrimmage type of year from Hampton. And I just wanted to outline something like one microsecond with Hampton. Um, good thing we agree because uh the domain guys must be having some big debates on him. >> Yeah. No, holy crap. 17. I mean, Avery's been a Hampton guy. Obviously took him at the um at the 301 or whatever 212 of the Flock League, but yeah, Nathan and Avery couldn't be further apart on this dude. Um but yeah, makes sense there. These two tight ends, I mean, what is there to say? Brock Bowers, 23-year-old tight end, two top three seasons in a row. Um obviously this season was a lot more up and down. There was injuries,

there was spike weeks, and then there was down weeks. He wasn't very consistent, but I think with Fernando Mendoza coming in and Clint Kubiaak coming in, you got to be really excited about Brock Bars. I wanted to rank Trey McBride higher because of the season he just had, but when one's 26 and one's 23 and the situation of the 23 year old just dramatically improved, then I'm I'm I'm going to be more in on Brock Bowers. Like I you guys know I was McBride over Bowowers in reddraft coming into the year, but this year in dynasty and reddraft, I will be Bowowers over McBride. And I just switched it live because you're absolutely right. Um especially knowing spoiler another tight end we'll talk about in a second and my case for why I'm so high on him. I have to have Bowers at tight end went over McBride because on top of that it was the perfect run out for McBride. Jacobe Br comes in. They're throwing the ball 45 times per game. Uh Marvin Harrison was banged up at the end of the year.

All I'm going to say is as good as McBride is, maybe his 2025 season is as good as it gets. >> Yeah. which if if he even gets anywhere close to that again, that would be excellent production. But yeah, 19.74 PPR points per game, you could argue for sure that this dude is never going to do that again because very few tight ends have ever hit 20 points per game. Like that is a company exclusively for Rob Gronowski and Travis Kelce in their prime like that. Nobody else has really done that in their career. And McBride got as damn close as you can ever get. And like you said, we don't think the pass volume be quite what it was with Jacobe Brassette, Marvin Harrison. I do expect him to be better and hopefully on the field in year three and Michael Wilson obviously proved that he's a solid contributor as well. >> Yeah. Uh again, you want to argue McBride won given what he did perfectly fine. Uh but we do have uh now I now that I updated it, Bowowers slightly higher. Uh Justin Jefferson comes in

next and people might be screaming like if we go down to the consensus like we're probably the two lowest. No, I guess >> no. I mean we're close to the end of it for sure. Um, yeah, quarterback situation is a big question mark and I think uh the other guys on the site just simply didn't roster Justin Jefferson anywhere last year. >> Yeah, I mean I had him in our our listener league, you had him in the flock league. It was it was difficult, man. Times were tough with Justin Jefferson. And okay, you can look at this and go, okay, even if it is JJ McCarthy, he should be better next year. Even if it is JJ McCarthy and some random veteran stop gap, Gino Smith, competitive Aaron Rogers, whatever. Are we going to see a top five season from Justin Jefferson next year? Because if we're not, he's gonna be 27 and a half years old after the season. So, it's not like this is a guy that is, you know, a like he's a Hall of Fame player. I'm sure he's going to be good into his 30s.

I'm not saying he's going to fall off necessarily. I'm just saying that value retention wise. If we don't see immediate 18 plus point per game production from this guy right out of the gate, he might be a volatile asset. And that's the only reason I say that he's more of a backend second round pick, mid-sec round asset than he is like I'm going to rank him 111 or something like that. >> Well, and I also think the other thing here, um, so Jefferson, I'm assuming they probably have ranked above like London. Like London goes higher in in red draft ADP and he's younger. Like I just don't >> younger, two full years younger, too. >> I just frankly don't see the case for how Jefferson can be above London. Malik Neighbors is coming off an ACL injury, potentially entering the puck, and he's ranked higher than Justin Jefferson in terms of overall four years younger. And then on top of that, the guys that are in Justin Jefferson's age demographic,

CV Lamb, Ammon, or St. Brown, they are top nine overall picks. Justin Jefferson 16.1. So, I do think he needs to be our tier behind the guys that we have above him. >> Yeah, for sure. Um, let's move into the D tier of assets here. This is a bit of a larger tier. We'll try and group some guys together to save time. Justin Herbert, Jaylen Herz, Patrick Mahomes, Trevor Lawrence. Pick your poison here. Obviously with Herbert and Mahomes, those are tried and tested best quarter some of the best quarterbacks in the league. Mahomes would be higher if he wasn't coming off of a torn ACL because when Mahomes was healthy this year, he was very productive. He ended up finishing the season with one of his, you know, best seasons in three years with 20.41 PPR points per game. Weapons-wise, we're still a little bit on the fence about what we feel about Rasheed Rice and Xavier Worthy and Kelsey's probably going to retire here soon. Um, but it's Patrick freaking Mahomes. Like, other than the injury, he

doesn't really have many concerns. >> If this guy's available, they need to run the pick into the podium with Mai Lemon. Like, straight up, >> of course. Yeah. >> Like that that is a non-negotiable. And I see like people like have Lemon going past the Chief's pick. And I'm looking at it like he's exactly what they need when Mahomes is back. Because if you have trouble separating against man coverage and teams know that your number one wide receiver is an what sixth percentile separator against man coverage, you need to add a guy like Mai Lemon. >> Yeah, I'm sure they're going to take David Bailey over him. Come on. Probably. Like I mean like I get it. Edge rushers are important and stuff, but like let's be serious for two seconds here. like if if Mai Lemon's on the board, you take him because not only is he better than Rasheed Rice at the Rashy Rice role, Rasheed Rice is free agent after this year and keeps getting into legal trouble. So that's where I'd

be at with Patrick Mahomes. Um Justin Herbert, I have him at 17. So I'm a lot I probably am the highest on the entire site, I imagine. So keep in mind my rankings, I had to do this for our consensus. Before I moved this to a consensus ranking, I had him at 17. So I'm way higher than consensus on Herbert. I think we're going to see probably the best season of Justin Herbert's entire career with Mike McDaniel. And I think we're looking at a 23 24 point per game season. >> Yeah. I mean, if that's the case, you should be ranking him as a top 12 asset cuz 23 points per game, like that's that's hard to come by. >> I love the weapons, man. I love Gadson. I love Lad. I love QJ. I love, you know, Trey Harris as a complimentary piece. I think Hampton's going to have a great year. I think this will end up being the best season of Justin Herbert's career. >> Valid. Um, again, he is technically speaking the fourth of this year for me. He's my quarterback 10, but like between

him, Herz, Lawrence, and Mahomes, like they are all literally back to back to back to back for me right now. >> Yeah, Herz, the one concern I have with Herz because obviously when he's on the field, he's good producer. He's been a top 12 quarterback in six straight years or whatever. It was his worst season of his career, 18.69 points per game. The big discrepancy there was, you know, some of those rushing touchdowns, the push push wasn't nearly as dominant. And we also have maybe the concern like he actually had the mo most passing touchdowns per game of his entire career this year. The one concern that I do have is like I think AJ Brown could be gone. That would downgrade the weapons group. That would downgrade maybe the passing ceiling for Jayen Herz there. And I also think that generally speaking, this is a quarterback that maybe has less job security than somebody that you want to be taking in this second round of a Dynasty startup. >> You want to call him for it, Cory? It's

giving off Kyler vibes. >> Yeah, a little bit. Like I I would say that Jaylen Hurt's a better quarterback than Kyler Murray. He's obviously a much more proven winner than Kyler Murray, obviously, too. I'm curious how Kyler would look on the Eagles. >> There's a reason that it took him like 14 different offensive coordinators to finally fill the job. >> I'm curious how Kyler would look on the Eagles. >> I'm also curious how Kyler would look on the Eagles as well. But again, I don't want to disrespect Jaylen Herz too much, but he's definitely lost significant value from this time last year when we were taking him 104 105. >> Yeah. And the guy that I have ranked up ranked straight up over him is Trevor Lawrence. The way Trevor Lawrence finished the year, he was a legitimate top five quarterback by the end of the season. You look at his splits before and after week 10. You guys see it on the screen there. But it's night and day

the level quarterback once he figured out the Liam Con scheme. We really saw that ceiling take off and I'm excited going into year two. Kind of what you said with Ben Johnson and Caleb Williams. What does Trevor Lawrence look like next year if they or if they don't retain ETN? Hopefully for his sake they do retain ETN given the status that obviously they got drafted together coming out of Clemson. But at the same time too, when you're talking about a true one to four at wide receiver in the league, I mean, Brian Thomas Jr., Travis Hunter, Parker Washington, and Jacobe Myers is as good as it gets. You combine that with Brenton Strange, who really came on at the end of the year. I really think the Jaguars could be one of the best teams in the NFL next year. >> Yeah. And it could be very like this year was very turnover driven on the defensive side. It could be very offensive driven, especially if Hunter comes back fully, Brian Thomas bounces back like you said, like when you're

third, fourth, fifth, and sixth wide weapons out of the back field and and you know, pass catchers are, you know, Jacobe Myers, Brentton Strange, Parker Washington, Travis ETN, and Belle Tutin, like that's a very well- constructed offense, especially if the offensive line can hold up. Um, the other guys here, I mean, George Pickkins and Tedall McMillan, kind of different assets. I would say you're more so going to be in a competitive window with Pickkins because even though he's only 25 years old, we have, you know, seen that if he stays with Dallas, which both of us expecting to either via the franchise tag or a long-term extension, I expect it to be a franchise tag for the next couple of months and then probably before the season, he gets a long-term extension worked out. We're looking at a guy who for the next two to three years, however long he's with the Cowboys, is projecting to be, you know, T. Higgins caliber in terms of the um level of production. And he's two years younger

than T. Higgins. So, we're looking at a guy 15 18 points per game kind of range of outcome wise. He's a receiver that if he's your wide receiver two or your wide receiver three on a competitive build, you're going to feel very good about that. >> Yeah. Um I I perfectly agree. I have him about in line at 29 over as well. Uh we can quickly mention the picks that we have listed in here and then get through these last few guys. Uh 102 103 are current 102 103. It's actually interchanged. I have Tate 102, Lemon 103. You have Lemon 102, Tate 103. Pretty simple. They're the cream of the croc cream of the crop at wide receiver this year. Both deserving to be top 10 NFL draft picks and I think they can profile into top 15 top 20 wide receivers as soon as their rookie season. >> Yeah. No, for sure. And if if we were talking strictly about the 2027 101 or the 2027 102 or 101 or something, we would have it ranked higher. But this is on our site, we have it kind of as like

an early to mid projected first. You have to factor in that it might not be Jeremiah Smith. It might not be Arch Manning. It might not be Ahmad Hardy. Whatever asset like top of their position group you think it could be, it's got to be like somewhere between 101 to 105. Just kind of baking in range of outcomes. If you are in a league specifically where you absolutely know for sure that is the worst team in the league 100% that is going to be the 101 or at the very minimum 102 or something, then I'd probably rank this asset more so at the top of the pre like the previous tier probably around Brock Bowers and whatnot. >> Yeah. And I'm sure after the NFL drafts is done uh draft is done and we got all of our fix. Obviously by then we would have watched everybody in the 2026 class the draft would have happened. We'd know landing spots. We'll have you covered with a lot of early uh 2027 looking stuff because let's just say if you are new to Dynasty if this is one of the

first videos you watched 2027 class at the top of it specifically may or may not have a Julio Jones level player. >> Penro McMillan pretty straightforward. 22.3 years old top 25 season. We expect him to get better. I'm very pilledled on Bryce Young. You can see some of the comps here, you know, Tyreek Hill, Keenan Allen, George Pickkins, like when you're 22 years old and you have that kind of season, you're you're pretty well projected to have a good career ahead of you. Um, so that's pretty straightforward there. Brock Pury, again, what do we got to say about Brock Pury had very similar season to Trevor Lawrence where he's a little bit banged up, but then he comes on strong at the end of the season, ends up having a great year. I mean, QB3 in points per game this year, QB 10 the year before that, QB8 the year before that. And even though the weapons are going through a little bit of a sea change in San Francisco, um you still feel confident that Brock Party is a great quarterback

and that Kyle Shanahan will figure things out. >> Yeah. And that that's the concern. Again, I I I do also really like uh really like Brock Party, but George KD, >> I would be shocked if he didn't like even if he plays in 2026, we're talking probably week 10 on. Like it's a late season Achilles tear. That's not what you want to see from an older tight end that's battled with Achilles tendinitis before, that's battled with lower body injuries before. Joan Jennings, is he going to be back on the team? Is he going to leave in free agency? We don't really know much there. Ricky Pieraw, is he the most trustworthy number one if they they are both gone to start the year? Like that's the question marks that I have. But the question marks about the player that Brock Birdie I've had in the past couple years, I feel like he's really, you know, overcome because a lot of people like weren't willing to give him his flowers, weren't really to give willing to give him the

benefit of the doubt in his first few years, I find. And to me, specifically as a creator in these last couple years, he's really taken a step up in his development. >> Yeah, especially as a runner. I mean, four carries per game, 20 rushing yards, you know, six rushing touchdowns on the year. It's not nothing. It's not nothing as a a player on the ground. I'll give you the floor on Coulson Lovely because [laughter] I would imagine you are not the highest on the site. You Sammy and Mason are right there with you. I was expecting you to be 10 spots higher than anybody else. Um I am actually so again these are consensus rankings. I was at 36 in terms of where I had Coulson Lovelin. So me and Zach kind of right smack smack dab there at the consensus at the middle portion of it. Avery and Nathan by far just the lowest on everybody that we talk about. And uh I'll give you the floor on on Coulson Lovelin. Obviously, we know what he did down the back half of the season, but

why are you so excited about this player? >> I think you can make the case given his age. Now, again, I'm not there yet because I do give credit to Bowowers and McBride, but if he produced 90% of that level, you could be talking about legit. Yeah, Aaron Hernandez, that's quite the comp. Um, you could be talking about legitimately the title one in Dynasty down the stretch, man. Week seven on, and keep in mind that was with inconsistent usage at times. We saw Cole KCK kind of be a pest. He was averaging 13 plus points per game week seven on. When you take in specifically to what he was able to show and blow up in the playoffs, man, eight catches on 15 targets, 137 yards against Green Bay. Four catches on 10 targets for 56 yards against the Rams. This young Bears offense figured down the stretch that their number one trustworthy player is Coulson Love. As much as I love Roma Dunay, as much as I love Luther Burton, as you know, veteran presence DJ Moore is, when the Bears needed to move the

ball on offense, it was going to 84. >> Yeah. And spoiler alert, you will not hear Luther Burden called in this next tier. Um, I'm guessing you moved him down recently. You did have him this high at one point. >> I did move him down. And I had to factor in cuz you also have to keep in mind when I ranked him extremely high that was building in the fact that oh he could completely blow up in the playoffs that his market value does raise because that didn't really happen because his market value still hasn't raised. I do have to lower him slightly because I was anticipating a market value raise >> right. Yeah. And he kind of really his run and that kind of stuff. It kind of came back to earth and we're still looking at a player. >> Still bullish on the player. >> Yeah, for sure. Okay, because we're going a little bit over on time here, let's just rapid fire this next group. Um, we have one running back, pretty straightforward. It's James Cook. He's

an absolute stud. He's tethered to Josh Allen. And when you look at >> ADP, >> exactly top 10 ADP on underdog. He's 26 years old. Yes. But if you're building out a competitive team, he's the type of anchor that you absolutely want. You pair him with one of these other running backs that you get early, you're going to be an absolute force at that position. He was RB6 off the RB6 in points per game this year and RB1 in points per game the year before. And I don't see him slowing down anytime soon. this group of wide receivers. I mean, Nico a little bit older than the uh Ohio State guys, Chris Ave and Garrett Wilson and AMA Ibuka as well, but you're looking at a guy who when healthy is a very productive 15 plus point per game floor at wide receiver, 18 to 20 point per game type of ceiling. I will say I I'm assuming you've come down a little bit on your stance in Nico Collins being like a 22 23 plus point per game type of ceiling player. Mainly because Straoud

has not really been as good as he's been in past. >> That's pessimism on CJ Stout especially. I mean, you see a game, for example, against New England, the Houston defense gave it to him on a silver silver platter. What did CJ Strad do? Absolutely stink it up in that playoff game. And I know it's only not only a one-ame thing when it comes to, you know, evaluating a quarterback, but C.J. Straoud just simply hasn't been the same quarterback since his rookie year. Part of the reason why I was so high on Nico Collins is I'm like, "Hey, look, this is a legitimate top five to eight NFL wide receiver talent. If CJ Stout can be an above average quarterback, that's where you get the elite ceiling." Now, unfortunately, CJ Shroud been a below average quarterback since that breakout. >> Yep. And then again, Wilson and Ave, we know the talent level. I think Wilson, the challenging thing is what does the the quarterback position look like? I think this year it's probably not going

to get solved unless they go with like a Tai Simpson at 16. I just I think they're going to be >> Yeah, they're going to be in a market for a veteran quarterback, whether it's Malik Willis or Kyler Murray or maybe they take a shot on Tua or something like that. >> It can't be worse than what Garrett Wilson's played with to this point in his career. And hopefully by 2027, this guy's a real quarterback and he'll only be 27 years old at that point. >> Why don't we just run it back with the former draft pick for one year and see what he has? You know who I'm referencing? >> Zack Wilson. >> West Virginia great himself. >> Oh, Gino Smith. Yeah, that would I mean if I were the Jets, if I were the Jets, I think the Jets are a much better situation right now as far as offensive line and weapons and young pieces with Kyler Murray. Why don't you go after Kyler Murray? Kyler Murray to me seems like the best option. They have the cap

space to take him on too. >> Like [clears throat] Kyler as well, I think would be a good reclamation project. I I genuinely think Gino could have a good year on that Jets team with the >> I would rather take a swing on Tua than Gino to be honest with you. >> I I would take Gino 100 times out of >> Gino sucks and I've been over 36 years old. >> Tua is way worse than Gino, bro. What? >> No, he's not. Tua Tua might be bad and Gino might be bad, but Tua is better than Gino and Tua is under 30 and Gino's 36. >> We're talking about two cheeks of the same ass and Gino Smith, at least I know, still has arm talent. Sure. Uh [laughter] Crystal Lave, great breakout season. What else can you say? Wide receiver nine. People are excited about Tyler Shucks only 25. He still has concussion concerns. People seem to have forgotten about that. But um generally speaking, a very good wide receiver asset. And then achuka. >> Go ahead. Sorry. >> I was just going to say the other thing

with the L is uh I'm also baking a little bit which is why I have Wilson over him that the the Saints could very well take a carnal tate at eighth overall. >> They could. Yeah, they absolutely could. I I could see them being the Tyson team as well. I think Jordan Tyson fits their offense pretty well because he's a lot different than Lave and he can do different things. Um, but we'll see what happens there. Um, Amecha Ibuka, again, you got to factor in that he did have the downstretch at the end of the season, but the beginning of the season was so great. Mike Evans is a free agent. I do expect him to be back for another year, but in case, you know, for whatever reason he's not, whether he retires or goes to a different team, Amecha Igbuka would gain a ton of value in that situation. We're looking at a 23-y old wide receiver who was a first-round pick, who was a great prospect, who really was out to a monster start to his NFL career prior to that week six game against the 49ers

where he hurt his hamstring. Before that, he was an absolute star. He was in the in the making for offensive rookie of the year runaway in that situation. I still feel very confident in the player that I saw at the beginning of the year. >> Yeah. Um I I have him a little bit lower than you. The only difference would be like for example, we we didn't talk about Lad Maki. We didn't talk about, you know, Jonathan Taylor. I do have them ahead. But uh yeah, you're you're absolutely valid with that. The final player though is Bo Knicks >> and Jackson Dart as well. These two and for what it's worth, the 104 asset is Fernando Mendoza in our rankings. So all these guys are technically like quarterback assets. Dart has shown by far the most fantasy upside. Like when he was on the field producing in the games that he was healthy, you could see just how productive this dude was. Like you see how many games, two games, three games of him not being a quarterback, one on a given week.

>> Yep. Yeah, >> he was a dude, man. He was an absolute dude. The question, I guess, for some people is how good is he really? I mean, Sammy seems to be all in. I mean, he's got a QB six, 16th overall. Zack, we're we're actually the lowest on Jackson Dart here among most of the people on the site. >> Yeah, and I think part of that, too, is I'm very curious what the offense looks like moving off of Brian Dable. They did actually, at the time of recording this, uh, hire Matt Nag as a new offense coordinator. So, I'm very curious what that looks like. On top of that, I I still believe with Jackson Dart, again, maybe this is unfair to him, is he really going to be the type of quarterback that is going to end up being four years from now a franchise staple in the NFL? I still have my question marks in that regard because again, fantasy-wise, rushing wise, absolutely there. I still have concerns about the player as a passer. >> Um, the one counter I would say is

>> I have higher than you do. We didn't see the you don't though because I had him or actually I think you did. Yeah, you did. But he would be higher than where we have him as a consensus for me in my rankings. Um the one thing that I would say is that development as a passer might come >> at the hands of Malik being on the field. >> Yeah, very well could. Again, >> if they add more, >> again, I have him of the non-pick assets ranked as a top 30 overall player. when you combine the picks, I believe he was 35th or 36th overall in my rankings. Yeah. Uh I I see the upside there. I just have a little bit concerns with both him and Bo Knicks in that regard. Whether it's unfair or not, you can criticize that >> for sure. You can definitely argue him over Brock Pie. Pertie a little bit more of a safe asset. Dart definitely more of a ceiling play. Even Lawrence too. I think Lawrence a little bit more safe, but he does have a high ceiling. But I think you could argue Dart is high as

like the Lawrence Mahomes Herz territory. If somebody was like, "Hey, Jaylen Herz, I don't like the vibes." I would take Jackson Dart over him. I don't think that's outrageous. It's not like we're talking about a major difference here. Like this is a tier of players that it's actually first round pick clean to go acquire these players. Like the the tier above was like two first plus. This one's more like two first clean. >> So funny enough, I actually have them ranked in the tier above where we have them consensus. I have them in the tier with uh Mahomes, Lawrence, Herz, and Herbert. And >> yeah, and maybe I need to go back to the drawing board. And if you guys made it to this point in the video, maybe you can tell me how stupid I am. And then finally, as we close this one out here, we got Bow Knicks. I mean, back-to-back years of a top 12 quarterback. I would say ceiling-wise, this 18 to 19 points per game, are you ever going to get much

more than that? Is that worth more than like again superflex 18 19 points per game, you'll take that all the time, but in a one quarterback league, that's not significant difference making production. So, um, ideally you would get a spike season with Bicks where he's putting up a 21 point per game year or something like that. Maybe it's going to come at the hands of maybe they add Kenyan Sadique in the draft and they trade for another receiver or something like that. Maybe it would be a weapons thing that gets him there, but as of right now, I think it's good rushing volume. It's good passing player. This is a guy that you can build around. He's just not a difference maker for your dynasty roster. >> With Bo Knicks, it's similar to kind of what I just said about Jackson Dart. Obviously, with Jackson Dart, the reason why I have him higher and a tier higher here is because of the rushing specifically, but with Bo Nicks, again, whether it's fair or not, I do have

question marks about his ascension as a passer. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and he again I I would argue he's been very good and 38 pass attempts per game this year too was a lot of trust in a young quarterback. So maybe he gets there on pass volume again 245 passing yards per game. And again keep in mind it's like Courtland Sutton, Troy Franklin, Evan Ingram. It's not like he has like exceptional weapons. Like if the weapons improve then we could see the ceiling improve there as well. >> I will counter though they arguably had the best offensive line in the NFL. >> I don't think that's changing anytime soon though. >> Yeah. No, very fair. But like again, older players, maybe we don't see them at fully at their peak in the next couple years. Like McGllinchi's on the I believe he's on the wrong side. >> Mcllini's been in the NFL for like eight, nine years, I think. >> Like I believe they're both over 30 if I'm not mistaken.

>> Yeah, they got to be at least around that age. And then Fernando is the last guy. I mean, again, it's the 104 asset. So it could be Fernando, it could be Carnell Tate sliding, it could be Mai Lemon sliding, depending on your specific rookie draft. Or it could be maybe you're really high on Jordan Tyson and you would put him in this territory. We just personally wouldn't based on our own personal rookie rankings and you'll obviously get to see that in our draft guide in about two weeks. For us, this is the asset Fernando Mendoza right now, but it is the 104 pick. >> Yeah. So, I also have him uh in the tier with Jackson Dart above like so I would have him in the D tier. Um and the reason being is when I look at the situation again, 99.999% chance he ends up as a Las Vegas Raider. I don't think they trade out of the pick. I think they just take him at one overall. We already have the Rumblings Kubak going over. We have the cap space to be able to fix the offensive line.

Like I mentioned earlier, if they add, you know, a solid offensive line coach, they rebuild the talent there, you have the young nucleus of weapons there, maybe a receiver, you have Bowers, you have Genty. Like I just see a situation that is going to be very hard for Mendoza to fail. >> Yeah. And I I I think you could pretty easily argue him over Bon Knicks. I personally do have Bon Knicks once like one spot at quarterback higher. Just a little bit of a tiebreaker there. I want to see what they do on the offensive line first. Once they start making those types of moves, then I'll probably be on board with you. Um, I can't imagine I'll have that ranked this way forever. But if I was doing a startup today, this instant, I would want to see those moves before I take Mendoza over Bon Knicks in that situation. But that is the end of the video. We tried to keep this one under an hour for you guys. We did basically our top 36 players, our top 41 because we included five rookie pick

assets in here. And if you're wondering where would Jordan Tyson end up being the 105 asset, it would be shortly after this part. Once we get into the F tier, that's exactly where it would end up being. and he'd be kind of like just inside the top 55 50-ish overall assets because again with the 105 asset you could still get Carnell Tate there. You could still get Fernando Mendoza there if somebody's really high on Tyson takes him ahead of you. So that's something that we would also factor in as well. So if you guys enjoyed this video, leave a like down below, subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. Again, if you want to sign up over on flockfantasy.com, tons of great content right now. You get a free live team review if you sign up annually and of course you would get access to our rookie draft guide which will be coming out about 12 days from now. February 15th is the target launch date there. 25 prospect writeups and player cards like the one you can see on the screen here

for Antonio Williams. You can see the strengths, the weaknesses, the draft capital, the FSE model stuff fully integrated in there. And you can also see where we rank them among their positions, how we rank their traits, their comps. You can see De Westbrook, Khalil Shakir Light for those two guys or for Antonio Williams for us there. And of course above the picture of Antonio Williams, you see this thing that says prospect video. Well, we've broken down the film of all of these players, these top 25 in the draft guide first edition, and we will have 50 60 player videos broken down for all of the players in the 2026 NFL draft. So, that is the number one thing that you should be checking out over on Flock Fantasy right now. Of course, our rankings are up to date, our trade value charts up to date as well, but definitely check that out if you guys are interested. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
