These players are skyrocketing up our Dynasty rankings. We've talked a lot about the rookies in the past couple of days. Let's talk about some veterans who are affected by the NFL draft. Some guys that are going up on the dynasty market because in most cases here, it's because they the uh team didn't address that position group. They dodged the landmines. They dodged the bullets. And the first example of that being shelon of the Jacksonville Jaguars. Not only did he dodge the free agency bullets cuz we thought there was a decent chance they added somebody significant. And no, Chris Rodriguez, in my opinion, is not a significant addition. Although, I will say he did play for head coach Liam Cohen at Kentucky, so he'll be a pest to some degree, but Beel Tutin, they didn't draft Jadarian Price. They didn't draft Jonah Coleman. There was reports before the draft that they might have done that had they been on the board. So, huge W for Tuton. The backfield is now him,

Chris Rodriguez, Laquent Allen, and Jamari Taylor, who your boy they picked up as an undrafted free agent. >> Hey, sneaky spot for him. All jokes aside, especially, you know, we've seen Liam Con keep a competitive running back room. Uh I think Jamari Taylor can, you know, fight for a roster spot, but it's very clear leaving that draft given the archetype of running back Chris Rodriguez is more of your hammer. You know, a guy that can contribute on those third and one type of situations. But Bashel Tutin got the scoring equity on this team last year. Got the goal line opportunity. We know that he's able to work in space as well. he was just kind of, you know, left behind because Travis ETM was such a a Bellcow running back. But their confidence in this guy, the reason that, you know, James Gladstone went into his, you know, entrance interview for the team and said, "Hey, my vision for this guy, like he made it part of his pitch when he got hired to this team that Bashel Tuden fit his plan

to a te. Liam Conn, we saw how the offense progressed down the stretch last year. And with Bashel Tudin, I do think he has three down upside. He's got 432 level speed. If he has a big-time breakout this season, we could be talking about the next Chase Brown. >> Yeah. And I mean, the comps list for what he did as a rookie aren't exciting. However, you got to remember the running back position is very opportunity dependent. Yeah. And Travis ETN was, you know, Pro Bowler last year. So, the fact that you see like Miles Gin and, you know, Jay AI being like the really only hits from this territory, the rest of them not being really that exciting. Bashel Tutin is going to be in one of the best rushing schemes in the NFL with Chris Rodriguez really to compete with. And again, I think Laquin Allen will play 10 20% of the snaps as a specialist. >> Yeah, exactly. So, >> I think Tootton definitely on the up and up after the NFL draft. They could still add a a peacemeal veteran at some point

during the free agency period, but there's not many out there. >> Yeah, at the end of the day, we look for young, fresh legs with explosive rushing ability attached to good offenses, and we get with him with Bashel Tutin. He was a guy that the Dynasty community revered last year. Obviously, again, didn't really produce the way we wanted to, but it doesn't make sense that people are willing to give up on this guy, especially given the fact that we didn't see initi or a further investment allowed to the position. So, you can see on the site, we have him in the 80s. Uh we're the slappies of the group. Obviously, you know, got the boomers down there outside of the top 100, not pointing any names, but you can kind of point names. Um all jokes aside, though, he's going to be a guy that I'm higher on in reddraft. He's a top 20 running back for me in Dynasty. And if I, like you said, he does have that big-time breakout year, who's to say he's not a

top 12 guy at the end of the season. >> Yeah, I'm actually I'm really curious right now. Basketball Mania just opened yesterday on Underdog. I want to see where his ADP is. >> Top 24, >> it's uh he is literally exactly RB 24 off the board with a 56 overall ADP. So, he's a dead zone running back, quote unquote. But dead zone running backs, Bashel Tuton's the third best running back ever selected day three. Jonah Coleman and Cam Scatteraboo being the two ahead of him. And they've shown a lot of confidence in him, right? Like you said, they had a lot of confidence in him when they drafted him. He clearly needed a year to develop, which I said about him when I made a video called like the biggest running back sleeper before the draft before he ran a 4-32 at the combine. And uh they've continued to show faith in him because Chris Rodriguez is not a major addition. I don't care what anybody says. So, let's keep it rolling here. Um the other

player, like I I actually just mentioned his name just a second ago that's on the rise is Cam Scataboo. One of the biggest winners in the NFL draft. really the only landmine he had to dodge was Jeremiah Love because I think there was enough confidence in the team for the Giants that they were going to roll with this guy pretty much no matter what. They weren't going to be in on like a Jonah Coleman or somebody like that. He dodged Kenneth Walker which we heard about in free agency. Maybe he they would sign him. Then he dodges Jeremiah Love. It must be because his rehab is going well. Like I made reference to. He's the best running back ever to be selected on day three. and before his injury. I mean, you got multiple games here where when I was doing running back tier list videos during the regular season, he's like a top 10, top 12 running back in our reddraft weekly rankings. >> Yeah, for sure. So, I have Scataboo ranked above Tutin, but I also think that they both kind of represent, you

know, great things in their own regard. Scaboo, we know the workload's there. We know how he look like on that workload. There's a little bit more security in that, but because he's coming off of the injury because the offensive projection isn't as good, I actually do have both him and Scataboo or him and Totin relatively similar ranked at 80 and 82. >> Yeah. And it's worth noting that Scataboo had an exceptional receiving profile coming out of college. He had multiple games last year with more than six targets once he took over the the backfield. And Tracy wasn't exceptional when Scataboo went down to It' be one thing if Tracy like was a league winner or something once he got injured. He was fine. He like carried the ball. he was okay. Like Scataboo is going to be the guy here, assuming he's healthy. >> I mean, Scataboo produced that when Tracy was active on the field. He just completely wiped out his job. He said, "Hey, listen. Like, you had a good

rookie year, but this is my starting running back role." And I wasn't, you know, the biggest optimist coming into the season that that would happen, but I do have to give Scott credit that he did wrestle that starting job away from Tracy. >> Yeah. No, exactly. And um as you can see here, everybody on the site is in agreement that he's a top 20 dynasty running back. Z back having him borderline RB1 territory. And then you and I a little bit more in the uh the mid RB2 type of range here. But yeah, Scataboo since the the free agent and draft period, we talked about him as, hey, maybe you should sell him, maybe you should see what you can get. Well, if the offers weren't there, he was very much a soft sell. He was a see what you can get for him guy, not a get him the hell off of your roster before he loses value. And if you couldn't get the requisite value for him, like you couldn't get a top seven rookie pick in this year's class or something like that, then you you're probably glad that

you held him at this point because you have a legit top 15, top 20 dynasty running back who you can probably rely on if he's your RB2 or RB3 on your roster. >> Yeah, I agree with Scataboo. Clear winner after the draft. I mean, you you leave without Jeremiah Love despite all the rumors that were coming in, you're going to be a big time winner. >> Yeah, for sure. And uh let's get into another guy who definitely had some up and ups and downs this year as far as what we expected from him and you know the type of uh season that he had. >> Cory, what happened? Sorry. Uh go go back to the general because >> Cory, you are the second highest on the site when it comes to Rasheed Rice. Take a bow. Take a bow. >> I So am I worried about Rasheed Rice being an idiot and doing something stupid? Yeah, I am. But Kansas City doesn't seem to care what he does. So two first round picks and they didn't take a receiver. >> No, not only did they not take a

receiver, they like I think there's whispers that like they might be starting extension talks with the guy. Like I just I don't get it. I like I It's not my job to pay this guy money. It's not my money. It's not my issue. >> He's been a wide receiver one in fantasy when he's been healthy and on the field. So at 26 years old, tethered to Patrick Mahomes, if he stays tethered to Patrick Mahomes, which is looking more and more likely some somehow, uh look at the comps here. Look at a year three wide receiver. Look at the comps. Jamar Chase, Drake London, like Randle Cobb, Tyler Boyd, Cooper Cup. Like, this is a dude that legit is going off the board as a top 10 reddraft receiver on underdog. >> Yeah. I mean, we talked about this going into the video before we hit the record button, but Cory, like who would have thought after the season that Pickins had, after, you know, everything that was rumored going after the season, obviously now with Rasheed Rice, uh

there was like, oh, he's hanging out with like freaking I I don't know the Ruby Rose, I think it was. He was like, money spreads, laying on cars, like that Rasheed Rice is doing the whole nine yards. But now we have Pickkins not agreeing to an extension by the NFL draft. And now we have Rashid Rice not getting a wide receiver added to his freaking wide receiver core. Why aren't these guys the same tier? And I'm the Cowboys fan. >> Yeah, dude. He averaged 19 points per game last year. >> Yeah, like as he left Tennessee game after one snap or whatever at the beginning of the game, too. Like this is a monster of a fantasy asset. Unfortunately for me as somebody who's been very adamantly selling Rashi Rice for a number of years, uh it doesn't like watch it happen now where he'll get like exempt and never play in the NFL again. >> Until this guy does something stupid enough to get him kicked out of the league, he's got to be a top 15 dynasty

receiver. He just has to be. You have to keep this guy on your roster if you're a competitive team of any kind. You want to pivot him into a younger receiver with less risk, by all means. Maybe you could sell him for a Mecca Igbuka or something. Maybe you could sell him to get a top three rookie pick in this year's class. take a Carnell Tate or go get a Tedo McMillan or whatever. But >> as far as like selling him for like Jaylen Wadd or something like those days are gone in my head like he he's got to be more valuable than players like that. >> And yeah, apologies for for you guys if you you did sell because we did have you know substantial worries. >> So I I could be the one to say apologies >> and and I had dropped him too again like kind of fear on the market a little bit very volatile asset but the more unlikely it looks like he will face that suspension. You got to just give him the credit that he deserves because Yeah, you see the fluctuation there. Um all

the way down to wide receiver 19 at his floor. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, he he fluctuated big time and when you look at the overall like during the season he's up as like a top 30 overall asset and then at certain points in the offseason again keep in mind we were lower than most of the other people on the site too. We were probably more top 75 than top 50 or whatever his floor kind of cratered at there. So yeah, Rashi Rice got to a huge winner because they like look at those comps. Look at those >> like when when Calvin Johnson primed Dez Bryant, a modern St. Brown, Cooper Cup, Brandon Marshall, Stefon Diggs, T. Higgins. Uh we could forget about, you know, Deontay Johnson, Chris show up in your comps, you're feeling pretty good. >> Yeah, like those are some of the best receiver seasons of all time. The owners of those guys. Calvin Johnson, Cooper Cup, like Amanra Dez. Like those guys are monsters. So I will admit defeat on Rasheed Rice. Watch him do something. Take a bow, man. I can respect that next

week. I got to admit defeat on this guy. Can we talk about Devonte Smith being the 80th overall player on the >> side? Look at everybody else. >> I He's my top 50 player for me. Like >> dude, like AJ Brown's not there. I don't know what's going on here. >> Yeah. Like Mai is obviously a great receiver prospect and Mai is going to impact Devonte Smith in a major way in my opinion. >> A Exactly. Yeah. What is the difference between him and Chris Ave reasonably like a couple years of age? I think he's a year older and a year and a half older, but he doesn't have the concussion issues that Chris has. So that to me cancels out as far as longevity is concerned. He's my wide receiver 18 in dynasty right now because it's an all but foregone conclusion that AJ Brown is gone. Like what do we need to see it actually happen before we move Devonte Smith up? Like it it's going to happen. It's been reported by multiple outlets, multiple reputable sources.

Hell, the freaking it caused one of the biggest controversies in sports reporting the last like three months. So I don't know. Devonte Smith to me like you want to talk about who could be this year's Jackson Smith and Jigba especially if Mai struggles his rookie season like we could be talking about 150 160 plus target receiver. Well, like the argument for him has always been the talent, the talent, the talent, but now he's got the opportunity to go along with the talent. And honestly, you said JSN, I wouldn't go that far, but I think the very prime comp that I couldn't come up with is a very similar receiver that didn't really have his ultimate high-end production, was kind of playing in a one-two system, then finally by the time he's ageed 27, 28, truly has that big-time breakout. This could be Diggs. This could be Stephan D. >> Stefan Digs going to the Bills. Exactly. Yeah. And I I tend to think like I know you're obviously as a Cowboys fan just

in general, you don't think very good. >> You don't think Jayen Herz is very good, but I think that this could be an addition by subtraction situation. Like I think Jayen Herz played his best ball when him and AJ Brown were getting along that first season. So with AJ Brown no longer there, I mean Smitty and and Herz have been playing together since college. I don't think that they have any issues with each other. So, I do think that we could see that connection kind of revamped and we could see one of the better passing seasons of Jaylen Herz's career cuz as we'll talk about the very end of this video, like he's a sneaky winner of this draft because they also add Eli Stovers and Mai Lemon to help replace Dallas Goddard and AJ Brown who seem to be on their way out. >> And I know I'm sure a lot of the Eagles fans are going to remind you too, no Kevin Patulo. >> Yeah. Which was an issue obviously last year and it sounds like Shawn Manion is a guy that is an upandcomer or whatever

coaching ranks and uh yeah, former quarterback and stuff. Um, let's get into the Bears backfield because again, very similar to what we said with um, Cam Scataboo and Tuton and whatnot throughout both free agency and the draft. There was whisper >> like could have been Travis ETN added to this backfield. Could have been Kenneth Walker added to this backfield. Maybe this is a team that was going to trade back and take Jarian Price or something. And Swift is definitely on the up and up here. >> Yeah, I have them too low. I'm just going to admit that right now. Realistically, I'm going to go into it right now. adjust him over some of those receivers and tight ends and he'll probably be around the top 125 for me. >> Yeah, I mean RB28 is not too low, but yeah, the overall ranking that you had on definitely a little bit too low. Again, DeAndre Swift for all his [ __ ] has been a top 24 running back every single season of his career. Every year of his career, he's been a top 24

running back in fantasy. Every year of his career, we're like, "Don't draft DeAndre Swift. He's a dead zone running back or whatever." And then every year of his career, he's like one of the best picks in the fifth, sixth, seventh round, eighth round where he goes off the board and reddrafts. So, I'm kind of done um trying not to draft this guy anymore. Actually did draft him quite a bit last year. Um he's in Ben Johnson's scheme, man. Like, he's this is the best offensive one of the best rushing offensive schemes in the league. >> Yeah. Um again, I I agree. I just moved him up to 130 so far. And like again, I got to rank him ahead of like the Courtland Sutton types, the Quentyn Johnson types, cuz realistically, this is going to be a guy if he stays healthy. You got the offense, you got the quarterback play, you got the receiving utilization. Why can't he be a top 20 running back this year? >> Yeah. And I think uh Manenai for the

same reason. Like I I'm moved him up a little bit. I might even need to move him up more to be honest. At 147 overall, I probably got to put him up more. Uh both of us like you have him at RB 40. Again, I I would argue that's too low. You could even argue that RB33 where I have him is too low. Like I think Swift is a good player and will still be involved, but it wouldn't shock me if this is the next backfield that both of the guys finish top 20 in. Like you know what I mean? Like every year we get like a backfield that produces two really good fantasy running backs. Like Mani was great last year when he got the opportunities. >> Yeah, I have a little bit more concerns in terms of like the per carry metrics in terms of the miss tackles force yards created after after contact per attempt. But at the same time, if they're going to be a top 10 scoring offense, I do have to have them higher than I do. So I'm adjusting him right now. I did take the stance though that I still prefer

DeAndre Swift. I do think this is at worst a 60/40 situation if Swift's healthy. But at the same time, if Manunga is getting goal line opportunity, why can't he be a team David Montgomery? Yeah, I think he's like a better version of what Blake Cororm represents where like Kairen's not as old as Swift and Kairen's a little bit more reliable than Swift as well where Menongi like two years from now, what if Ben Johnson just really likes this guy and he adds a scat back in the draft next year to replace Swift and Menai becomes the 1A instead of being the 1B in this back field? I think that's within the range of outcomes. I'm not saying it's going to be slam dunk. Absolutely. Like I think Ben Johnson, if there's a great running back out there, is always going to be a threat to replace these guys. like next year we're probably going to have the same exact conversation around them where oh my god like maybe they could draft Amod Hardy in the first round or maybe they could

draft you know uh Jane Ba in the first round or something like that. It's going to be a a perpetual conversation but as long as these guys keep surviving they're going to be productive. >> Yeah, I'm kind of on the same page there. Uh ultimately, funny enough maybe the best comp actually. I mentioned Teimu Dave Montgomery. Well, it could even just be a situation if DeAndre S and Jamal Williams that we saw the year before. >> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Um, another group. Wow. >> Yeah. Another group of backs, but specifically the starting back, um, of the Washington Commanders got some good news on draft night. The only addition was Kron Allen in the sixth round, who should have been probably a third or a fourth round pick. Admittedly, um, Rashad White as the only back in this backfield of Jerome Ford, Bill Crosky, Merritt, and now Kron Allen. Um, he's the only one with an RB1 season. So, for me, I think that Rashad White's got to be the favorite a for the receiving work

because we know he's played with Jaden Daniels in the past during his time in college. He's the best receiving back on the team. I don't even think it's close. >> And if he's getting that work, plus maybe also like he can carve out some goal line work, an early down role, whatever the case is, he has a chance to like legit finish as a top 24 running back this year. >> Well, on top of that, too, you mentioned the receiving role. Like we talked about how Antonio Williams uh when we were talking through you know dynasty rookie draft dynasty rookie rankings post draft Antonio Williams could step up into a wide receiver two role on this team. We're talking about a third round what 80th overall pick I think Antonio Williams was if I'm not mistaken >> 71st I think was the pick number he was >> like why can't Rashad White who's had a history of being a receiving back has a year with over four targets per game. Why can't he carve out a four to five

target per game type of role in this offense if we're talking about a third round rookie as potentially the wide receiver too? >> Yeah. No, not to mention just from pure production before last season in Buckyy's illustrious rookie year that everybody loves Bucky and he finished as a top 24 guy. >> Yeah. >> Rashad White and he was RB10 the last time he got a full workload. >> Yeah. No, I feel like he's kind of being slept on again. 27 years old so you are buying him into the production but at the same time Washington stays healthy. Jaden Daniels doesn't get hurt. It's probably a top 10 and 12 offense in the NFL. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, exactly. And again, I I He He's older, but he also is only entering his fifth NFL season. It's not like he's, you know, year nine of his career or something like that. He was just an older prospect coming out. >> Well, diff different players, don't get me wrong. Um, actually, we can even talk

about a similar player. Travis Etien coming into this past year gets Liam Conn. Very, very good offensive situation despite having an inefficient year prior. Why can't Rashad White, again, I don't think he's as talented as Travis ETN, but why can't he be 75% of what ETN was this year? Why can't he be similar? Obviously, different ways of getting there. Javvante, more of the physical goal line runner, punching in the touchdowns. Rashad White would probably have to get there in receiving game, but why can't he be this year's Javvante Williams either, >> dude? He's going RB 40, 125th overall underdog. That is way too low, dude. Rashad White should be going in like the 90s. Yeah, like RB 40 behind Chris Rodriguez. Like, what are we doing? Look, is he is he the most expensive Washington running back? >> No, Bill is more expensive than him. He's going 110th overall and RB 36 >> for what? Because he had one good game in week 17 that everybody watched.

>> Yeah, apparently. And he couldn't beat out Chris Rodriguez or Jeremy McNichols for any significant work last year and he's >> in college either. >> You know, uh Kron Allen's two and a half years younger than him. >> Disgusting than Jaory Crosky. Merritt. >> So what? Merritt's 2000. >> Yeah, 2001. But Kron's 2003 and Kron in two seasons, the last two years at Penn State has more total yards and touchdowns than Jaka Crosky Meritt had in six years of his college career and he played five of those years in the FCS. >> Yeah, I think ultimately the the play here is that Kron could develop into the guy for 2027. But if I'm betting on a guy being a top 24 running back in this backfield this year, give me Rashad White all day. I'm actually the highest on the site at running back and me and Mason me and Mason, sorry, have him the highest overall. >> Yeah. No, he's he's a dude, man. And uh again, I'm sorry to give all the shade

and all the shots like Jakori Koski Meritt, he's obviously a winner as well. If you on him Yeah. If you're high on him, he's obviously a winner as well. I just I think that Rashad's the best running back in this backfield. And and I think the second best running back in this backfield is Kron Allen. >> Well, I would argue like if you're high on Bill, you would say, "Oh, he could be the running back of the future." But Kron Allen is just a better prospect than he was >> and younger. >> Yes. >> And has higher draft capital and way way way more productive in college for sure. So, um, let's go, staying on the Washington Commanders, let's go to Terry McLaren, who >> again just dodged a bullet in the draft. Like, they easily easily could have taken a receiver higher. They didn't have a second round pick, so he really only had to dodge the seventh overall pick bullet. Um because Antonio Williams, he's a good prospect, don't

get me wrong, but he's not really gonna affect Terry McLaren in a meaningful way in my opinion. We've like typically been lower on Terry McLaren just over the course of most of his career. It feels like he's been semi overrated. I'm the highest on the site on the guy apparently. So, >> so I just moved him for him. >> I just moved him to wide receiver 34 35 because realistically I'm looking at it, what's the difference between him and DJ Moore? >> There really isn't a difference. Like Terry McLaren, the last time he was fully healthy was wide receiver 16 in fantasy. >> He was the wide receiver uh seven overall in points. Wide receiver 16 in points per game. Like very very good year. You need him to be productive cuz he's 30.6 years old, which it's kind of crazy cuz uh you just contextualize it, you think, oh, Terry McLaren in his prime, he is a veteran wide receiver, but at the same time, he does remind me of like what Devonte Adams was coming

into last year. >> Yeah. No, exactly. I think that's a really good comparison. and are like I think they're going to add one of the 49ers receivers whether bringing back Debo Samuel is the guy that they bring back or they bring in Brandon Iayuk. Both of those guys I expect one of them to be on the commanders by week one. Um but even still like Antonio Williams didn't really have that great of a season this year. Probably going to play the slot for the most part behind Terry McLaren. Rookie Antonio Williams, Trayon Burks, like like you said like Rashad White out of the back field like Chigga Conquo has not really been a huge target earning tight end. Like Terry McLaren very easily could have a year very similar to what he had in 2024 when he scored a lot of touchdowns, had a lot of targets, you know, was very efficient on his on his touches as well. So yeah, if you need a veteran receiver trade target kind of, oh, I'm a win now team, like I'm going after a guy that can just be

productive for me right away. And you know, especially in this class where you're like, I don't love what I'm looking at on the board here at 202 or 2011 or something like that. I think you should be able to get Terry McLaren for that price tag if you're looking for a competitive asset. >> Yeah. No, I'm going to agree. I agree. >> So, let's go to again definitely winners because of what could have happened. Very similar to uh what we talked about with with Cam Scataboo. The Titans running backs. Tony Pard. Yeah. Taj Spears. >> You know, Tony Pard rushed for a thousand yards last year. >> Did not feel like it. Um, I >> don't feel like it at all. >> I have Spears and Pard both in my top 40. Uh, so I took it more as like a committee approach just because I feel like, you know, the youth does matter to a degree. Maybe we see 80% of what Tony Pard was last year because he's another year older. But at the same time, like it's a big win because Jeremiah Love

could have very well been a Tennessee Titan and each of these guys could have been outside the top 200. >> I wonder how many running backs have four straight 10,00 yard seasons. >> Not many. Not many. It's pretty typical. >> I can't imagine there's many that have done it in four straight seasons. It's pretty crazy that Tony Pard has done that dating back to two different teams as well. Like two seasons of those with uh with Dallas and then two with the Tennessee Titans. So, here's the thing. You guys probably watched me earlier today break down the running backs to target and avoid. And I am extremely high on Nick Singleton. I will take him in pretty much most of my rookie drafts where I have early second round picks, even maybe a late first round pick. >> Um Tony Pard is objectively a huge winner for this season because Nick Singleton is a Raw player. Could come in not get out to the hottest start. Tony Pard reminds me of like what we saw out

of Chuba Hubard in years past where it's like you're going to get a guy getting out to a really nice start, especially for a team that now has a number one receiver that brought in Wandell Robinson, has a better offensive coordinator than Brian Freaking Callahan um before and they don't have a rookie quarterback anymore. Yeah, he kind of feels like this year's like Aaron Jones kind of how we felt of him the last couple years entering the season where um probably going to be like you know a low in RB2 high in RB3 level projection. You're not expecting him to completely hit a home run, be a top 15 back. But at the same time, like come week seven, come week eight, you need someone to plug into your flex. You're not feeling mad about Tony Pard, especially, you know, you can bank on 18 touches. You can bank on maybe three or four targets out of the back field. And the other sneaky part here is Brian Dable is a big time upgrade in terms of offensive mind calling the shots here.

>> Yeah. Oh, no. Exactly. For sure. Um Tony Pard at 93 overall, ADP on underdog. Is this a is this a double handcuff situation where you could draft Tony Pard and Nick Singleton on the same baseball team and it actually pay off similar to what we were talking about a couple years back with Chuba Hubard and Jonathan Brooks with Devon Achan and Raheem Mostard and those types of guys like I actually think that for those people who have Tony Pard on a dynasty roster as like their fourth running back their fifth running back dude first five six games of the season he might be like an every week flex remember we were talking in the flock like everybody faded him in the draft and then I actually got tangible value for him after the draft because people kind of realize like, oh [ __ ] like he actually projects for 18 touches this week. Maybe I do want that in week one. >> Yeah, I mean, this is going to be a trend that we talk through throughout the reddraft season, but like, >> man, rounds five through eight, there's

some good running backs that you're going to get some nice production out of if you get your receivers early or you get, you know, some zero RB targets or whatever. Like Tony Pard's definitely one of those guys. >> Yeah, maybe you'll just say, well, not consequential enough, so like I wouldn't. But hypothetically, let's just say you have a loaded roster and you need an RB4 coming into the season, are you are you flipping the 209, the 210 for Paul? >> Yeah. I mean, if you if you're a team that maybe needs some running back help, especially early like let's say your other running back is like, you know, Jeremiah. Yeah. Who might not get out to the best start in the world or, you know, Jadarian Price, we don't know how he's going to start off. He's a rookie running back. Whatever the case is. Yeah, I think flipping the 209 in this year's class for Tony Pard is absolutely reasonable. Spears I don't really think is a winner just because Singleton to me

does everything Spears can do. >> Only is way more durable than Spears and Spears is a UFA after this year who has degenerated knees who was flagged coming out of the draft. >> So it shows on the site 171 and I believe 177. I've since flipped them because I looked at what they did last season and you would think Spear's got the third down roll. he's going to get receiving targets, but like he was just the backup and I have to do acknowledge that. So, I moved Paul to 35 and I moved Spears down to 42 at running back. >> Yeah. Like I I think I have Spears even lower than that to be honest. I just have no faith in Spears to stay healthy at all because he's just never been healthy. I am the lowest on the entire site. I'm at 62, dude. I think Nick Singleton kills him completely. >> I more of a next year thing for me. I think this year >> it is. But like I think Singleton can get on the field this year as a receiving back. I see I I I think it's

gonna be Spears this year if he's healthy. Like I I do think which red shirt by the way, >> which fair if both are healthier though, I do think it's more of a red shirt type of perspective for this year. >> Um but yeah, if you if you're higher on Singleton too than me, then it makes sense why. >> I am much higher on Singleton. So that's probably part of it. Um let's talk about some quarterback winners really quick. Very straightforward why these guys are winners. Lamar Jackson got two receivers in Elijah Surrod and Jacobe Lane who I was very high on and really liked. So the fact that we're coming off of a season in which Lamar Jackson literally drove me crazy as somebody who rostered him in the flock league the entire year. This is the worst season healthy of Lamar Jackson's career like that he just came off of realistically since his rookie season. He's really never been worse than he was last year. And I think getting him some ancillary weapons to go

along with a Flowers to go along with pretty much all he is at this point in his career. Mark Andrews is a red zone guy. Um Elijah Surrod I think can be legitimately like I've said it multiple times can be Keenan Allen Amra St. Brown Rasheed Rice like and if he turns into a player like that look out for Lamar Jackson because he ain't never had an exceiver like Lane and he's never had a slot receiver like like Elijah Serat. >> Yeah. No. Uh Lamar Jackson clear winner with those two additions. Jaylen Herz also a big winner. You draft Mai Lemonina 20th overall. You draft Eli Stoers in the second round. Very clear what Harry Roseman's trying to do. Oh AJ you want out. Okay, no problem. Let me invest two top 52 overall assets into a wide receiver and tight end because we paid Herz all this money. We can cut back cost in our receiving room while still maintaining strength there. And we already talked about Devonte Smith being a big winner, but Jaylen Herz has to be mentioned.

>> Yeah, because I was factoring into Jaylen Herz ranking for one like him maybe just getting like a let's say a Denzel Boston type or maybe a second round receiver. Like they draft Jeremy Bernard in the second round. Would I feel great about Jaylen Herz knowing AJ Brown's going to leave? No. But do I feel great about Jaylen Herz knowing they drafted my wide receiver one in the class, Mai Lemon? Yeah. >> Yeah. No, I'm on the same page with Herz there. Realistically, you want to take this guy two, three turns probably about the valuation. I feel >> I'd be willing to take him higher than that now to be honest. That was where I was at with him before. I'd be willing to take him in the mid-second now. >> Fair enough. >> Um, but uh other guys too, other big winners, two young quarterbacks specifically, uh, we have Cam Ward, who >> Yes. uh as we made mention to love the Nick Singleton addition for the running back field but fourth overall receiver

in Carnell Tay that's the big addition and throughout the off season they draft they bring in Juell Robinson in free agency they hire Brian Dball as the offensive coordinator other than really offensive line I don't have a ton of concerns for Cam Ward versus what I had for him last year >> yeah I am one of the higher on the site I have him at 68 overall I am very bullish on this situation especially with Brian Dable like I said coming in like that is so big for Cam Ward you have a number one wide receiver. We know Brian Dable, his ability to get his number one wide receiver, a ton of looks, aka Malik Neighbors, obviously different stylistic wide receiver to Carell Tate, but if you're able to get this offense, Carninal Tate, 130 plus targets, like I know that sounds outlandish because it is a rookie wide receiver. You never want to put that much on his plate. I'm telling you right now, you put 130 targets on Carnell Tate's plate, this offense is going to be a top 25 unit, top 20 unit in the

league. >> Yeah. Yeah. and the bar that's a low bar, but like they were really bad last year. Like there's a reason that they had such a high pick. Um the one thing I will say about Cam Ward and why I'm not like I'm in the middle of the road as far as like where I'm at with them on the site. I do think the scenario exists where like sometimes when you get a rookie quarterback and he doesn't really wow you at all. Like there was some really nice throws or whatever, but on a playinlayout basis, quarter in quarter out, down to down, I wasn't wowed by Cam Ward. And I think the scenario exists where he just doesn't really have that great of a career as well. So, Counterpoint, all of his best games came after the by-week. And for a young rookie quarterback that was kind of a project that was on a very struggling team, we didn't really know what was going to go on in terms of the future of their head coach. We didn't know what was going on in terms of the future of

their offensive, you know, their entire infrastructure, GM, top to bottom. Like, we didn't know the franchise what was going to be happening coming into this off season. The fact that there is more stability and he did finish strong makes it makes me bullish that like I am at quarterback 17 which is tied for highest with Nathan on the site. When it's all said and done by week seven this year, is he going to be quarterback 10? Is he going to be quarterback 11? >> I mean if he takes a big time step for sure. I I do just still think that the scenario exists where he has like a Bryce Young or to a tongue of Aloa like second year where it's like okay there's moments still but we're still not there with this guy. Like I think that's kind of what what I think by the end of the season we'll be feeling about Cam Ward where we're like there was more moments than his rookie season but we're not sold yet. >> You're hedging a little bit. I I would

The way I'm ranking it though is that because that top end scenario is just so much more valuable than any other scenario that exists in the range of outcomes for Kam Ward. I'm gonna be ranking him aggressively because I honestly like when I'm looking at Cam Ward the floor valuation at quarterback this year even if he doesn't take a step up I would still say is a top 23 top 24 raw option in superflex. >> You think if he has like let's say he looks exactly like he looked as a rookie even despite the weapons upgrades and whatnot. You think he's still a top 20 to 24 quarterback? I think he'd probably be closer to 24 25. Maybe, maybe not exactly, but if you take the way you played, you added slight natural progression, but you also top it off with a number one wide receiver and Brian Dball. I think the effect on the numbers, like you can make the case that Caleb had his struggles similar to he had as a rookie season, but it didn't matter because the weapons and Ben

Johnson stabilitated the situation. Like Caleb Williams, as good of a year as he had, completed 58% of his passes. Cam Moore can still have his inaccuracies and still have a productive season just based off the infrastructure. >> Yeah. No, for sure. And um the guy who was definitely better as a rookie was Tyler Shuck. And again, >> I I don't think you could really draw up a better run out for him. What happened in the NFL draft? You get eighth overall pick, draft capital receiver in Jordan Tyson, who even though we're lower on, I can admit very clearly that it's great for for Tyler Shock. I'm basically right in the middle of the road on the site with where I have him positionally. And uh overall, I'm a little on the lower side, but that's more so just about that range of quarterback. Like I like to be done at quarterback before Shuck kind of comes on the board. Like I like getting two quarterbacks kind of before his range. Um but yeah, I mean Jordan Tyson,

Oscar Delp in the third round, Bryce Lance in the fourth round. Like this is, you know, they obviously signed ETN in free agency. They have a still they still have, you know, those Jawan Johnson like contributors. This is a pretty complete offense. >> Yeah, I agree. Um ultimately we were scared that oh like how are the Saints going to treat this off season? Are they going to spend a lot of assets at a running back? You end up doing that in free agency instead of the draft. You use your draft resources to build the young infrastructure around Chuck. You get a rookie on his rookie contract. You get a guy in Oscar Delp who we could talk about the lack of production at Georgia. Admittedly though, this is a 100th percentile athlete. If you trust your coaching staff to be able to develop him, you could potentially have a needle mover at tight end, two two needle movers at wide receiver, a head coach who runs a lot of damn plays. Like this is a great situation, especially from a fantasy lens.

>> Yeah. And you didn't even mention Lance, too, who who's probably going to be good for three or four long touchdowns this year. Even if he doesn't contribute very much for fantasy, it'll help Tyler Shuck out um himself. So, yeah, definitely big- time winner. Like, obvious the other thing for me that I'm most excited about Tyler Shuck because I was not excited about Tyler Shuck before and I am definitely at least at market with him now. I just the true buyin from the coaching staff and the GM is like this is our guy. Like there was very little hedging going on here. They didn't draft like a third round quarterback. They didn't, you know, only take defensive players. Like it was clear that they're they're going all in on this quarterback. >> Yeah, for sure. >> Um and then couple like lesser winners, but definitely winners in their own right. We do have the like shitty starting quarterbacks that is Deshun Watson, Shira Sanders. >> Again, you look up at this offense and

you go, so they got Judkins and Samson in the back field. They have some offensive line additions. Spencer Fono being the biggest one at uh ninth overall where they took him. And now they have Casey Conpsion, Denzel Boston, Jerry Judy, Harold Fannon to throw to. I think whoever it is, you could be a Watson person, you could be a Shadur person, whoever the quarterback is for the Cleveland Browns has to be more valuable now than they were before the draft. So if you're pilled on Shadur and you think he can be a franchise quarterback cuz you're you know Mel Kyper or something then yeah Shadur Sanders definitely on the up and up. If you think that hey that stretch of Deshun Watson's career from 2017 through 2020 where he was literally one of the best quarterbacks in fantasy is still in there somewhere then yeah he's got to be on the up it up as well. So again whatever quarterback you think it is take a conviction stance. Maybe you're like, "Hey, I'm I think Shidur is going

to be great this year." And you want to take a convicted he's a top 28, top 29 quarterback for you. By all means, it's cheap enough that you can take a swing. >> So, hear me out. Before you take a swing, just acknowledge the only way you should be viewing this is a one-year stop gap. Like, if you're buying it for, let's say, an early to mid3rd, a mid to late third, probably around the valuation, give or take, because I don't think anybody takes an offer for a fourth round pick just because of the principle of it. You look at a fourth and you're like, "Do I really want to just sell this player? Like, why do you why are you even offering me a pick for this guy? I think something's shady." But let's just say it's mid to late third is what you have to pay. Understand Cleveland's going to be a bad football team. Cleveland's probably going to win between I would say even if you're optimistic, four to seven games is about the range I would have for

Cleveland. >> They're going to be in range to select a quarterback next year. Whether it's an Arch Manning, whether it's a Dante Moore, whether it's a Drew Mesa maker, maybe develops, whether, you know, Julian Sand, I I don't necessarily think he's going to be a first round pick, but maybe he does. Maybe he has a Heisman level year and Ohio State wins the natty, he comes out, he's a top 20 level draft pick. Like, there's enough quarterback options next year to the point where given the capital that the Browns have accumulated over these last couple years, they are programming themselves for that next quarterback that they could take in the first. >> Yeah. The counterpoint to that would be I think this offense is good enough. I think this defense is good enough that they could be a surprise nine- win team if should and it's probably likely to be shar Sanders in my opinion just because he's the young quarterback. He's the mystery box. Watson's got like two

Achilles tears later. Like it's probably more likely to be shar Sanders and I think I should probably make that switch in my rankings and make it so that like it is Shadur that I'm betting on. Um, but as you can see with some of the comps here, like points per game-wise, passing yards wise, Drake May and Mitch Trabiscy, like that's not bad for for Shader Sanders's uh uh for his range of outcomes here. So, I actually think I might need to move Shadur up a little bit because again, I do think the scenario exists where the Cleveland Browns are not terrible. Not terrible. I'm not saying that they're going to be great. I'm saying they're not going to be terrible. And it's it's he Tyler shucks his way out of them drafting a quarterback. You you just got to hope the Browns look at that week 14 game and think this is our guy. >> Yeah, probably. >> Look at look at that chart. It's so funny to look at. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, no way, shape, or form

am I suggesting to pay a lot for Shadur. Like I said, early third if you believe in him. I think that's very reasonable. Um and then the other guy, this one's truly a stop gap. Gino Smith's got some weapons, man. I know he was like hot garbage and I was very quick to point it out last year that he was a bad signing, a bad trade and clearly like if you want the number one overall pick, maybe the Jets are going, "Well, he got the Raiders the number one overall pick, so maybe he can do it." >> There's a lot more bad with the Raiders offense last year than just Gino. He obviously contributed to it, but uh Nepo coaching on the offensive line and no Tyler Linderbomb uh was not great for them. >> Well, and Bowowers missed most of the year. Ashen Genty was a rookie. So, I mean, you got an experienced veteran receiver in Garrett Wilson. You got an experienced veteran running back in Bree Hall. You have two major additions with Case with Omar Cooper Jr. and Kenyon

Sadique. And sneakily one of the best 10 to 12 offensive lines in football. The only wild card here is I think Frank Reich is a terrible coach and offensive coordinator. So, that would be the thing that like causes them to get the first overall pick in the draft. Or, you know, the other thing is too, it's like you could be buying Gino Smith thinking you're going to get a starting third quarterback for your Superflex roster for 17 games and depending on how the season's going, Kade Club could be starting by week 10. >> I doubt that. Uh, just because I >> You don't think they're going to want to get a look at them if they're one and nine? >> They could. Yeah. Um, I don't know if they're going to be as bad though. I guess it was kind of >> You feel That's how I said about the Browns, too. Like they could be better than we think. >> Yeah. The draft capital is what makes me think, yeah, I fully agree it's a it's a one-year gap just because they have so

much draft capital, but like if Gino's just a top 25ish quarterback, they have an offensive line of weapons. >> Well, and that's why I said about Cleveland that they could be better than you think because unlike the Jets, they don't have three first round picks. Like the Jets are certainly drafting a quarterback. They have three ones. Cleveland only has their own first. >> Yeah. Which >> so they can tank their own first and be out of quarterback range. That's why I think it's more likely that it's Cleveland. >> Maybe. Um yeah, I'm very curious what next off seasonason looks like because >> I've never ever said in the same offseason that the Jets and Browns could be better than we think. We've been Jets pilled before, but uh the Browns is new for sure. >> I I mentioned on our live stream, I'm like, dude, I'm going to be taking so many cheap Jets Jets best baseball stacks because I believe in the offensive line and they have weapons

that I like all three of them. >> I just hate Frank Reich. I just really hate Frank. >> Valid. valid. >> Could they be this year's Colts? Let's have a conversation. >> It could be this year's Colts. Uh let's talk about some indirect sneaky winners. Just rapid fire. Um I think Bryce Young sneaky winner with Chris Purcell. It's a good field stretcher. Uh Baker Mayfield, small win with Ted Hurst long term. Plus the defensive additions I just think make the team better to be honest. Um then when we look at the other quarterback winners, uh instead of going with Tai Simpson, they get Carson Beck, the Arizona Cardinal. So that's definitely good news for people who have Jacobe Brassette thinking he's going to start some games. Um because Beck is definitely a less threat than Tai Simpson as far as the draft capital we were expecting. >> And then uh any thoughts on those guys or should we go to running backs and wide receivers? >> Yeah, we can go to running backs, wide

receivers. Chuba Hubard, Jonathan Brooks, Carolina could have taken a running back. This is kind of a vote in confidence for them. They lose Rico D. Don't resign him. They could have easily, you know, replaced that role. Maybe they have plans for Trevor ETN, but I do think it's probably going to be a one-two of Hubard and Brooks. Chase Brown >> highest on the site on Hubard, by the way. >> I have Brooks higher. So that's the stance I've taken. I think if Brooks has the opportunity to at least compete for the job, I do think he's going to prove to be the better running back. But you have to take a stance here because I ultimately think this is one of the ambiguous backfields that could decide fantasy this year. Like each of these guys are so cheap. If one of them becomes a top 24 running back, you're laughing. >> Yeah. Well, and best like our best ball rankings are on the site right now and I have him the highest of any expert that has best ball rankings available. And

part of it is because Dave Canales just absolutely loves to run the ball. And I'm like, I think whoever gets the starting job here and Hubard in the last, you know, couple seasons really when he's gotten opportunities, he's been like a borderline RB1 when he's starting. >> Yeah. Uh Chase Brown, we do have to talk about um we already kind of knew, we figured he'd be a winner after, you know, they trade 10th overall for Dexter Lawrence. They're out of the Jeremiah Love running. Now, hindsight, Jeremiah Love went three overall. He was never going to make it to 10. That was at least a worry that people had coming into the draft. What if they want Jeremiah Love? What if Love slipped? They maybe dealt up a couple picks, went to Target. That didn't end up happening. They don't end up bringing a significant running back to this backfield. And Chase Brown, he's been a top 12 running back each of the last two years. He's been a league winner in the past. We

know his familiarity with this offense. We know the scoring equity this offense provides. Like why can't Chase Brown be a top 12 running back at least for this year again if not possibly the next two? >> I would rather have Chase Brown in reddraft cuz I have this reflected in my best rankings than Derrick Henry then Saquon Barkley than Kenneth Walker and Amarian Hampton. Legitimately like I'd ra I have Chase Brown like a top seven running back in reddraft this year. >> So it's funny that you mentioned that too because uh >> I'd rather have Chase Brown than Ashen Genty the more I think about it to be honest with you. Ashen Jens's got a rookie quarterback. I don't think that offense is going to be as good as people think. Chase Brown has been a literal workhorse dominant RB1. He was RB7 in fantasy last year with Joe Burrow missing half the freaking year. >> So, it's funny you mentioned that because um I just when you said Chase Brown, I'm like, I wonder where I have

him because I've done my top 75. I'm still working through it going to get it to 150. Um, I guess when I was adding the players, I skipped over his name, but he is at 18th overall to me, sandwiched between Brock Bowers and Trey McBride at 17 and 19. >> Yeah, my league mates, if they're listening to this in my home, better hope I don't get Chase Brown at the two-3 turn to go along with Gibbs or Bejon, or whoever I take first. You better hope I don't get Chase Brown that late. Yeah, like uh the top 16 I have in a tier 12 through 16. Brock Bowers, Chase Brown, Trey McBride ahead of the next tier down to 26 with Rasheed Rice. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Um couple more winners, Kairen and Cororum also in the same position as Chase Brown. They could have added more backfield competition. Um Malik Neighbors and Darno Mooney, I think it was very much within the range of outcomes that they could have drafted Jordan Tyson at five or 10. It was very well reported that they could have

drafted him. So Neighbors, was he really going to be a huge detriment to Neighbors? No. But like if Tyson hits, he could have been, you know, a 1B and that kind of thing. Like I don't know. It's it's it matters for Neighbors that they didn't draft him. >> But Cory, what about Malachi Fields, Zack? >> I know. Malachi Fields is good for the offense, but he doesn't have any effect to me on on um Malik Neighbors. And even Mooney, I actually think Mooney is a sneaky winner of them drafting Fields versus who they could have drafted. >> 1,000%. Um we talked about it when we were doing the draft. Hey, would you at all change your tune on a receiver if M. Collins got added to the wide receiver core? I wouldn't. >> No, not at all. And uh speaking of M. Holland, um he's obviously he's our first overall player in our startup rankings, but it is worth noting that we essentially have guaranteed confirmation that AJ Brown is going to the New England Patriots. And they drafted Eli

Raridan, who's one of my favorite pro both of our favorite prospects in the entire draft at the tight end position to go longterm there. So now you have instead of who did Drake May threw washed up Stefon Diggs, uh Kahan Booty, and Deario Douglas last year, his top three receivers now are going to be AJ Brown, Romeo Dobs, and I guess Booty will probably be the third receiver on the team with Hunter Henry and Eli Raridan. Trevion in his second year. Like this is a much better situation for Drake May and he's not a doesn't have a rookie left tackle this year either. >> Yeah, and you guys can see the charts there. The games of 20 plus points, you get the 32.4 spike in in week 17. Um, and that was with Stefon Diggs playing like 55 to 70% of the snaps every week as his quote unquote wide receiver won. >> Yeah. No, crazy crazy for Drake May. Uh, let's go to the tight end position really quick. We'll rapid fire these uh tight end winners. I think sneakily Jake

Ferguson's a nice winner here because the only addition they make to the tight end position. I think it was a good class. They definitely could have drafted an Oscar Delp in round two, round three. The only guy that they add is is uh Michael Trigg as an undrafted free agent who might just be a complete and utter [ __ ] >> Seven and a half vert. >> Yeah. Like I I have do I have Yeah, I have him pretty much as high like for baseball and for Dynasty. I have him pretty much as high as anybody on the site does. He's my tight end 11 in Dynasty. I know he's been up and down. Hasn't looked the same, but like let's talk about an a a fourthyear player putting up 11 PPR points. Like he's a very valuable reddraft tight end last year and he's still only 27 years old. >> Yeah, I would I guess the comment or question that I have is uh does he get like cocommended after the season is kind of my worry. um he has technically speaking got an out on his contract

after this year and based how he's played since he signed it. I don't think the Cowboys are going to bring him back for the final two years. I do think they're going to take that out. I understand this year. This year top 12 to 14 tight end lock and loaded. We saw what he was able to do last year. He gets a valuable role in this offense. We know the touchdown equity is there because Dak Prescott is going to throw for 30 plus touchdowns. The issue that I have after this year though, he's been one of the worst tight ends, especially in a prominent role each of the last two seasons. My personal qual is just how he's looked after the MCL injuries he had in 2023. >> In the first 12 weeks of the season, he had a top fantasy. And I know, I get that thing from a fantasy perspective why I'm in on him. I get, you know, in real life, he's not been great, but in the first 12 weeks of the year this year, he was a top eight fantasy scoring tight end in all but four games.

>> Yeah. No, this again this year he's going to be, you know, a top 12, top 14 tight end in my rankings. Like I don't think that should be disputed. He's got the valuable role and if either of Lamb or Pickkins were to miss time, we know he could be the number two in this offense in terms of volume. I guess my problem though is that Ryan Florenoi also showed more down the stretch last year when he got opportunity. I think with Jake Ferguson, they might just get to a situation that do we want to give him all these snaps? He's not really been performing on them in terms of real life play. Fantasywise, obviously been great. Yeah, I get the upside for Concaid and Likely and Gadson and those guys are higher. But if you're playing a little bit more conservative at the tight end position, I think that Ferguson belongs at least over Concad and likely even in a median range of outcomes where Concad and likely Yes. ceiling wise could absolutely be better. >> Yeah, I have him I think Strange got

better longevity. I have him more in like the Strange area. >> He he has better longevity, but you and I could both agree that the [ __ ] Jags have a million different receivers that they have to throw. Um, and then again, maybe washed, maybe not the same player he once was, but TJ Hawinson a could have easily been cut this year. They like they had a very easy cap casualty situation with him. And also too, they needed the space. Like if you remember the Vikings were well over the cap at one point in time. They chose to bring him back. So to me, that that's a bullish signal. And also what we know about TJ Hawinson is that when he's last been healthy, he was literally a top six tight end in four straight seasons. And two, they could have drafted Kenyan Sadique. could have drafted well I guess they couldn't have cuz he was off the board but they could have addressed a tight end position it's at some point during the draft and they didn't so for me that's a bullish signal on TJ

Hawinson and if you recall who is CJ Hawinson's quarterback [ __ ] uh when >> this year who's his quarterback >> oh I thought you were talking about there was like a a connection he had with Kyler Murray no dog [ __ ] >> no but think about it who does Kyler who was Kyler Murray's favorite target in Arizona >> oh McBride >> exactly so he likes using the tight position. He's obviously not >> I don't know where you're going with that. My bad. >> At one point in his career though, he was as good as McBride. Like he was an all pro talent. >> We're far gone from that. Injuries age. >> I'm in at this price tag. >> Hey, if you want to throw a [ __ ] early third at him, like I have him second highest on the site by all means. >> I wouldn't expect this to be a home run. Like I think at best maybe you get what Daltton Schultz did last year. >> I' I I'm the highest one on the site by

far here. So I guess I'm just I'm taking crazy pills. But I see a guy with four top six seasons in his career who didn't have an addition at his position and is playing with >> what >> these tight ends can't run anymore is the issue. So like what they did a couple years ago. >> I'll take them. >> Fair. Um I would rather just reroll in the young upside tight ends with top top 100 capital this year personally. >> Again, call me crazy, but I like guys that are on the field running routes and these two guys are on the field running routes. >> Yeah, maybe. again, like they could each have productive 2026 seasons, but uh I feel like I can get 2026 production with Joan Johnson types with Daltton Schultz types. Like I wouldn't rather pay up and give up a tight end I think could be promising after the year. I guess my >> Jawan Johnson and Daltton Schultz don't have near the upside that TJ >> Jan Johnson was top 10 tight end in

fantasy last year. >> Yeah. And they added Oscar Delp. >> Yeah. No, but I'm I'm saying types. I'm not saying like him specifically. >> Jan Johnson was worthless last year. >> Yeah, he was in terms of cost. >> Yeah. Speaking of worthless uh guys probably more dynasty, what's up? Yeah, >> Kate's a one this year. Yeah, >> for sure. Speaking of dynasty baseball, worthless tight ends. Kate Dutton, they didn't add a tight end. People thought they should. Well, they did, but it's Bower Sharp and he has barely any college production in the sixth round. Gunner Helm, lot of Gunnar Helmites out there. A lot of uh punt gunners or whatever we're calling the Gunner Helm truthers out there. >> Davis, I mean, I couldn't get there, but I like it because realistically, you see how he played down the stretch there for a >> 15. >> Yeah. for a fourth or fifth round tight end I believe he was if I'm not mistaken

or did he go in round six? >> Um >> he went I think he ran round four I think it was. >> Yeah. I mean relatively decent spike weeks and the thing that everybody held against Gunnar Helm is oh my god he ran a 485 or whatever the [ __ ] it was 40 when he literally confirmed after that he sprained his ankle running it. >> Yeah. If he had tested better like you see the 432 RS him coming out he probably would have been a much better prospect and at least probably a streamer caliber tight end prospect model. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, there are some hits. I mean, year one tight ends for this points per game. You see Goddard, you see Craft, you see was it Jared Cook as well, Isaiah Likely, like definitely not a bad uh u you know, hit rate or whatever for Gunnar Helm. Maybe you have to move him up a little bit. Um they didn't add anybody. That was why he was a winner. JT Sanders easily could have taken Kenyon Sadique. Couldn't have because he was off the board, but they

could have addressed the tight end position. I think all of us were expecting, you know, Eli Stoers to land there or something like that. Um they showed some confidence in JT Sanders who was a decent prospect. I know he wasn't great, but I don't know. He's worth dynasty best baseball. Dynasty best baseball. Third, fourth tight end. I He's worth a shot at that point. And singles round he'll look appealing. >> Yeah, exactly. Uh Pat Fry, too. Interesting option. Probably going to be on the field. They let Johnny Smith walk. Pat Frymouth has been a top 15 tight end more than once in fantasy and they didn't replace Johnny Smith. So, him and Washington both maybe they have bigger roles. >> Am I crazy? By the way, if you go back to the spike weeks, that week against Cincinnati, >> did Mason start or play against him or did he start him that week? Cuz I remember that being know is that I think all three of the Patri of the Steelers tight ends caught a touchdown in that

game. John Smith, Darnell Washington, and Pat F all caught a touchdown in that game. By the way, Danny, here's a sneaky one for you. >> Um, >> don't you think your boy Mike McCarthy has fun with tight ends like this? >> Pat F type. Like, this is a Schultz and Ferguson clone right here. >> Oh, 100%. Well, that's what I mean. It's like, it's funny that we got got to this point, but like got in my head right now, like Jake Ferguson versus Pat Frymouth is not that far off long term for me. >> No. And here's the thing. We don't have known tight end terrorist Arthur Smith running the offense anymore who likes using 78 tight ends on 35% of the routes each. Like offenses have had a clear starter usually. >> Yeah, he was kind of out of sight, out of mind for me. That's why he's so low. But like honestly like gun in my head if I'm comparing him to freaking like Michael Mayor, John Smith, Elijah Royo types, like give me him like he's

probably >> move him ahead of like Mason Taylor and Terren Ferguson who just got major competition out ofition. >> I had him I have him ahead of both now too. Um I moved him up to 30 at tight end. >> Yeah, which is where I have him right now. Again, sneaky best baseball guy for underdog drafts as well. Pat F. I think he'll be a good value this year. But anyways, that is I mean had to have talked about at least 25 players I would imagine. I don't even know. Maybe the video will probably have the total number. >> Yeah. I mean the fact that we talked as many players through and we fitted in about an hour. Like you guys got through this. Appreciate you guys. >> Yeah. No, for sure. So appreciate you guys. That was all players that are veterans that are skyrocketing up our up our rankings. We of course have tons of rookie content coming out. Running backs to target and avoid, wide receivers to target and avoid, and our tier list, our initial tier list for rookie rankings.

Those are all live on the channel already. We'll have some rookie mocks coming in the next couple of days for Superflex, for one quarterback, some rookie draft mistakes to avoid. For those of you guys, I would imagine most of you or a lot of you guys are going to be starting your rookie drafts this coming week, this coming weekend going into next week and whatnot. So, we'll get through those rookie draft mistakes. And we'll also be breaking down like the safest, the riskiest prospects in the draft. I'm going to go through a a comparison of the past couple draft classes, the expected hit rates, how the model would rank all these prospects. Lots of interesting content coming, so make sure you guys stay tuned for that. We'll also break down some sleepers as well early next week also. So, with that being said, like, comment, subscribe if you enjoyed. Peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
