Here is how you can sell your 2026 rookie picks for contending assets, dynasty trades that you can make. Our 2026 rookie draft guide is now live. We have a video draft guide, 700 plus minutes, 12 plus hours of prospect breakdowns, our player cards, our grades, and all that good stuff. Now, the byproduct of having our draft guide out, which you can get on Flock Fantasy right now, is we now know, or Danny and I have a very strong idea now of what these picks are actually worth. What can you sell the 103 for on the open market right now? What can you sell the 107 for on the open market, the 112 for on the open market? So today, what I'm going to do is break down what players I would trade the rookie picks for if for whatever reason you don't want to spend that rookie pick on a player or if you just want to do your due diligence and shop around your picks. So I will say as a general rule before I get into this, generally rookie picks go up in value from now on because the combine happens,

pro days happen, the NFL draft happens. Generally, the pick 106, for example, will be more valuable to your league mates in May than it will be now because they'll have an idea of what prospects they like, who got drafted where, what rookie picks they feel like are good ter territories and tiers for them. So, generally, if you're going to sell a rookie pick this time of year, make sure you're getting appropriate value, maybe even a little bit of an overpay because, you know, that pick is going to go up in value in the coming months. Today though, I am going to break down Dynasty trade targets at every position and go check out Sunday's video where Danny and I broke down our top 12 overall rankings for Superflex rookie drafts in 2026 Dynasty. So, let's pivot over to the 101, the first pick that we're going to talk about here. What should you be ideally looking to get on the open market if you sell the 101? Now, if you need a running back, I suggest you just take Jeremiah Love because he's 20 years

old. He's an exceptional prospect. Three down workhorse profile. gonna go in the top 15 in the NFL draft. Yes, if your team's a monster and you lucked into the 101, maybe you could trade Jeremiah Love or pick 101 plus something to go get Bejan Robinson or Jir Gibbs and help yourself win a championship by all means. But I would not sell the 101 for Devon Achan, Marian Hampton, any other running back. You should just take Jeremiah Love. In my opinion, he is the third best Dynasty asset at the running back position in all of Dynasty. So that is who I would just take there if you just need a running back. If you need a quarterback, and I think this would be the most common scenario where people go, "Okay, I took over an orphan. My team is really bad. I don't want to inject a young running back into this roster yet because I'm still building out my more longevity based positions." So, if you need a quarterback, what I would do with pick 101 is see if you can get into this territory because if you

need a quarterback and you're rebuilding, you probably don't want Burrow or Jackson or some of the older 29year-old quarterbacks. You're probably looking for a young quarterback. And to me, the best option to go after is Caleb Williams because Caleb Williams is 24 years old, entering his third NFL season, coming off of a year in which he scored 19.89 PPR points per game. You probably won't get up to Drake May. Jaden Daniels is a year and a half older than Caleb Williams. Caleb Williams has great young weapons around him. Burden, Loveland, uh, Odun, maybe DJ Moore sticks around. We don't exactly know with him at this point, but Caleb Williams is the premier quarterback asset that if you have the 101 and for whatever reason you feel like your team's not ready for Jeremiah Love, go after Caleb Williams. If you need a wide receiver, now again, I'm basing this on the fact that if you're not just going to take Jeremiah Love, why wouldn't you do that? Well, the reason is that maybe

you already have a loaded running back core and you're looking for a wide receiver asset instead. And I would imagine you might be in still more of a rebuilding situation. So yes, if you had somebody else's pick and it became 101 and you could just sell 101 for CD Lamb or Amra St. Brown or something, go ahead and do that. But I would say the premier asset to trade for if you're not going to spend that 101 on Jeremiah Love is Malik Neighbors because he's 22 and a half years old. Yes, he probably won't be very productive this season because he's coming off of an ACL tear, but he already has a season in the NFL where he put up 18 points per game. Has a quarterback upgrade. Remember, he has not played a game with Jackson Dart. So there is no none of this production that you see here from Malik Neighbors was with Jackson Dart at quarterback. We don't even really know what the ceiling is for Malik Neighbors at this point in time. I think it's pretty much endless.

So definitely a guy I would consider. And for whatever reason, if you're somewhere in the middle, you have a pretty competitive team. Drake London would be my preference to trade for because he's 24 and a half years old as opposed to 27 like St. Brown and like CD Lamar. So he gives you the best of both worlds there. He he'll be a little bit more productive for a little bit longer. And I think there's like a 30 to 40 percent chance he could outscore those guys anyway and is younger. So, um, at tight end, if you really were like, okay, I'm I have a goated roster and I'm a tight end away from being a super mega, you know, champion or whatever, you could go after Brock Bowers or Trey McBride with the 101. I would prefer Bowowers because he's a little bit younger, about three, three and a half years younger and he's about to get a quarterback upgrade in Fernando Mendoza. He just got a major head coach upgrade in Clint Kubak. I think that we saw kind of the worst of Brock Bowers last year

where he was dealing with injury, all that kind of stuff, and he still had 14.68 points per game. So, with a better quarterback, better scheme, better offense, and more health, he should be back to his usual self. Moving in to the 102 to 104. Now, in Sunday's video, Danny and I broke down that the 102 to 104 is a tier for us. No, for me that is Mai Lemon, wide receiver, USC, Carnell Tate, wide receiver, Ohio State, and Fernando Mendoza, quarterback of Indiana. Those are the three prospects in superflex leagues that I believe are in this tier. I do not have Jordan Tyson, wide receiver, Arizona State, in uh this tier. I have him at 105 into the next tier. We'll talk about that in a second. But whatever player you think is in this tier, and maybe you think this tier is 102 to 105. I personally don't. Most common one for me will be the reason you're not taking a pick here 102, 103 or 104 is because you need a running back because Love is going to go 101 in like 95% of leagues if I had to

guess and you for whatever reason maybe you don't need a wide receiver. You don't need a quarterback the the players and the prospects that are expected to go here. The best option in my opinion is to trade up to 101. So let's say you pick 103 and you're looking for a running back. See if the 101 person is willing to trade down. Maybe they don't want Jeremiah Love or they want a wide receiver. you might be able to just trade up. But the second best option for me is to trade for Amarian Hampton or for Ashen Genty because people some people not everybody but some people are down on Ashen Genty based on the season that he had. The fact that he finished RB 13 despite getting all the volume, the fact that he didn't quite look the same as his prospect tape and that kind of thing. Ashen Genty to me is a very good trade target just like Brock Powers because he's about to get a quarterback upgrade and he got Clint Kubak coming in and you could go after Amarian Hampton

who has now Mike McDaniel calling the shots of the offensive coordinator position and Amarian Hampton was very productive when he was on the field finishing with 15 points per game and of course being tethered to Justin Herbert and high draft pick and all that kind of stuff. So, if you need a running back, and that would be probably the most common reason why you wouldn't just take Lemon Tate or um Mendoza, that would be the the running backs I would go after. I also think you could sell this pick for Devon Achan, but my preference would be Ashen Genty and Amari Hampton, just given that they fit more builds, they're a little bit younger and that kind of thing. Uh quarterbackwise, if for whatever reason you don't want to take Fernando Mendoza here, maybe you're not a Mendoza guy, maybe you don't believe in him, or if you just want to shop the pick and see if you can get a better quarterback asset, the guy that I would go after is Justin Herbert because Justin Herbert's still 28 years old,

many seasons of productive quarterback play under his belt. And like Amarian Hampton, he now has Mike McDaniel calling the shots at his offensive coordinator position. So this is a dude that I think could have a monster season. I think I love the weapons. You have Lad McConi, Quinton Johnson, Trey Harrison his second year, maybe Keenan Allen comes back, Aronda Gadson, Amarian Hampton. Now Mike McDaniel is going to do wonders with this offense and I think we're about to see the best season of Justin Herbert's career. So if you're a competitive team, you need a quarterback and you want to just go get a hammer instead of taking Mendoza. Go after Justin Herbert. Again, you could go after Jaylen Herz, you could go after Patrick Mahomes. My preference is Justin Herbert of the three. Wide receiver-wise, if you need a wide receiver and for whatever reason you do not like Lemon, Tate, or you just want to shop around and see what you can get, you could also go after Drake London or a Monro St. Brown, maybe using 102 plus.

Maybe you can't get him straight for 102 or for whatever reason, Drake London only costs you 103 or 104. You can go and get him because I do value him more than that. Um, but generally speaking, if you need a wide receiver, you should probably just take Tate or Lemon. And you could also go after Justin Jefferson as well, who of course is coming off of a pretty down season. A lot of people, I would assume, consider him a a big-time buy low. And if you need a tight end, I would be okay trading the 104 for Coulson Leland. So the last of this tier, but I would not trade 102 straight up for Coulson Lovelin. I would rather, if I'm looking for a tight end, trade 102 plus something to get to Bowowers and McBride than to take the risk on selling 102 or 103 or 104 even to be honest. Um, for Coulson Lovelin. If you're going to get Coulson Loveland for 104 and maybe a small piece or something, I think that's totally fine. But I would probably not be willing to sell this pick area for a tight end

unless you can get to that top top tier. Moving in kind of to the next group of guys, the pick 105. Now again, in my rankings, Jordan Tyson is in a tier of his own at 105 because I do not view him as the caliber of talent that Mai Lemon and Carnell Tate and Fernando Mendoza are at their respective positions. They're all top 10 grades for me. Jordan Tyson's a top 25 grade, but he is the only top 25 grade I have in the entire class. So, he is, in my opinion, the the standalone 105, but there are going to be leagues out there where people can get Mai Lemon here or can get um Carnell Tate here or can get Fernando Mendoza with this pick. So, if you have to take Tyson with the 105, it is a slightly worse asset in my opinion. But, I understand my opinion is not consensus. There's plenty of you guys out there. Maybe you're already screaming in the comments that Jordan Tyson's the wide receiver one of this class. Totally reasonable. I just don't personally feel that way. So, to me, this pick is about

90 to 80% as valuable as 102, 103, and 104. And also too, even if you view all those guys in the same tier, you will be getting the worst landing spot, the worst draft capital person from that tier at 105. Even if you don't believe it's Tyson, maybe you're just you feel the same about all of them and one of them gets a really bad landing spot relative to the other one. So if you're looking to sell the 105, the rookie 105, you are in at quarterback. And again, I think this would be very common that somebody would make this trade because maybe Fernando's already been taken and you're at 105 looking at Jordan Tyson. You go, I really need a quarterback. I'm not going to reach up the board. I probably have to take Jordan Tyson here. you are in the Brock Perie range, the Trevor Lawrence range, the Jackson Dart range, the Jordan Love range, the Bon Knicks range as well. My preference would be Trevor Lawrence because he has a great group of young weapons between Hunter, Brian Thomas Jr., Parker

Washington, and Jacobe Myers who they resigned, Brentton Strange at tight end, Tooten at running back. We'll see if they resign Travis ETN. He is my preference. and he also just had a career best season, was on the MVP ballot and finished with 21 points per game in fantasy, which is by far the best season of his career. And of course, Liam Cohen and him are there to make magic together. But you could go after Perty if you love him, Dart if you love him, Jordan Love, Bo Knicks if you love him. I just my preference there is Trevor Lawrence. He is the one I have ranked the highest, followed by Dart, Pertie, Knicks, and then Jordan Love. And then if you need a running back, again, also probably a pretty common occurrence for people picking at 105 here is that it's too high to take the other running backs and Jeremiah Love will be off the board. I would be willing to sell the 105 for James Cook. Now, I would not sell the 105 for Bucky Irving, Jonathan Taylor, Trevian Henderson, somebody in that territory.

But if you can get to James Cook or maybe even to Devon Achan because somebody's worried about the Mike McDaniel thing, that would be my preference there. and then into the wide receiver position. Again, maybe for whatever reason, like, and I'm of this opinion, you think Jordan Tyson is kind of risky. And if Jordan Tyson is the best player on the board, you would rather sell this pick straight up for Garrett Wilson or Chris Ave or Acha Ibuka or Nico Collins or maybe Brian Thomas Jr., this would be what I would personally be shopping for because I do prefer those guys in Dynasty Value overall to, let's say, Jordan Tyson, 11th overall draft capital or something. Um, so that would be my preference and my favorite of that group would be Garrett Wilson. He is the one that I have ranked the highest. He's been very productive all all the years of his career. He's only 25 years old and of course we're awaiting a quarterback upgrade for him. But I still feel very good about him, the player. Um, Coulson

Lovelund I I would be willing to trade the 105 for. And I would also I would say I'd be willing to trade the 105 for Harold Fannon or Tyler Warren plus or if it's like a really heavy tight end premium I'd be willing to do it. But Coulson Lovelin is the only one that I would uh trade the 105 for straight in a regular non-tightend premium or half point tight end premium even as well. So Coulson Lovelin the only tight end that I'm really in that area for. Um moving into the next tier of guys. Now if you recall or if you could see here there are no rookie picks in this next tier. And the reason for that is cuz like most people I think in this class there is a drop off after Jordan Tyson, Mai Lemon, Carnell Tate, Fernando Mendoza and Jeremiah Love. I actually have two full tiers of players missing from where my next rookie pick is. You can see 106 and 107 there as well and 108 and 109. Now, rookie 106 to 112 in Sunday's video if you guys go back and watch it is a major massive tier for Danny and myself. I

have very similar grades on the tight end one in this class, Kenyan Sadique from Oregon, half tight end premium. I think he's a reasonable 106. Wide receivers four through seven. Texas A&M's Casey Conpsion, Indiana wide receivers Omar Cooper and Elijah Serat, and Washington wide receiver Denzel Boston. Any which one of those guys could be 106 in a great landing spot with the right draft capital. Arby's two and three. Jonah Coleman from Washington, Notre Dame's Jarian Price. Any one of those guys could be 106 with the right capital, with the right landing spot. So on Flock Fantasy, if you go to our actual Superflex rookie picks, which I can do right now actually, um you can see that everyone on the site more or less, if I sort by expert consensus here, everyone on the site kind of agrees that Jonah Coleman, Casey Conpsion, Denzel Boston, and Kenyan Sadi belong in this 106 through 109 tier. We all have them ranked at least 111 or higher. So, I'm going to treat 106 to 109 as a separate tier for

now because I think even come draft night, though there isn't much separating these prospects at the moment. There probably will be in in the actual NFL draft cycle when we know where all of these guys get drafted. When we know where they went in terms of draft capital, we can probably feel pretty comfortable that some of them have better landing spots than others. So, we're going to treat this 106 to 109 area as a tier and you're going to be getting the best of that group. So, let's say among the guys that I just mentioned, Casey Conpsion goes in the first round to the 49ers and Kenyan Sadi goes in the top 15 to the Dolphins and uh Denzel Boston goes to the Buffalo Bills or something. Jaren Price goes second round to the Texans. Those guys might end up being a tier ahead of the next group of guys. So, that's how I'm going to treat them is the 106 to 109 is a tier of itself. In this range, I think mathematically it's going to be likely that you're going to be picking a wide

receiver because like I said, that is the strength of this class. There are four of them 106 to 112 in our rankings versus three of the other positions combined. I don't view Tai Simpson as a first round caliber asset. I only view Kenyan Sadi as the only tight end first round caliber asset. And then Price and Coleman, I view them as the only running back first round caliber assets. Again, that could change with landing spot and draft capital, but in this range, it's likely you're going to be taking a wide receiver. Now, if you're picking here, let's say 106 to 109, and you don't want a wide receiver, don't need a wide receiver, whatever. Coleman and Price don't get the capital, don't get the landing spot. I think that the running back position would be the most likely position you'd be trading for. And my absolute favorite trade targets in this range are Bree Hall, who's about to get a very large contract from somebody. I don't know if it's going to be the Jets.

I don't know if it's going to be a different team. I expect him to hit free agency and not resign with the Jets. Chase Brown also a very, very good dynasty asset buy right now for me because I believe he's going to be a top two round reddraft pick. He's 25 years old coming off of yet another very very productive season and um yeah I think he's going to be a great asset as well. So Chase Brown and Bree Hall if you're in this range thinking I'm going to be locked out of the running back position because obviously Jeremiah is not going to fall this uh this far and it's probably too early for the other guys those are the two guys that I'm going to be willing to trade for. Now I'm I'm not usually in I don't love trading for like Chris McAffrey or Saquon Barkley pure contending type of dues. I would rather get guys in two to threeear windows like Chase Brown, like Bree Hall as opposed to a guy like CMC who might only have one good year left. Um, I don't like to

trade high-end rookie picks for players like that. So, that's just a preference of mine, but you could trade 106, 107, 108 for Christian McAffrey if you were just a one piece away from being a dominant team. Another common trade that somebody might have in this range of the draft is needing a quarterback because Mendoza is going to be gone already. And for me, I don't think Tai Simpson is worth this pick. Even if he went 16th overall to the Jets and got the capital, I still would not pick him this high because I'm not very high on the player. So, um, Tai Simpson, I would use this pick. Maybe somebody is high on Ty Simpson or I would use this 106 to 109 range to trade for an existing quarterback on the open market. If you are a veteran competitive team, I think that Dak Prescott um, is a very good trade target for you. He's 33 years old, but we know he's one of the best quarterbacks in the league and can be very productive. Baker Mayfield, 31 years old, very good weapons around him.

We know he can be productive as well. So, if you need a veteran quarterback, you could go after guys like that. You could also maybe add something on top of them to get to the Jordan Love range, to get to the Bone Knicks range, etc. And also too, if you want to go for a rebuilding quarterback, let's say you're picking 107, your team's not ready, so you're not going to trade for Prescott or Mayfield or Jordan Love or somebody like that, you could also go after Cam Ward, who I think is um kind of within this range, but towards the back end of it, maybe. So, if you're picking 108, 109, this is a little bit more applicable. Um, but yeah, I think he's going to get some upgraded weapons. They have a lot of money. They're going to go out and add some lineman and running back and wide receiver and stuff. So, I think Cam Ward's about to get a nice influx of talent. he's a good rebuilding quarterback trade target for you. And then let's say you're not a Kenyan Sadiq

fan or maybe he's off the board already. Like you're picking 108 and you expect him to go higher than 108 because it's a heavy tight end premium or something. I think that Harold Fannon is a great buy right now. I'm not sure you'll get him for 1789, but maybe you could add something to get him. He should be the perfect, you know, trade target in this range ideally. It's too high for me to go after like Sam Leaporta or anybody lower than that. So if you can't get to Fannon or Tyler Warren or Coulson Lovelin, I would probably just take Kenyan Sadique in this area of the rookie draft. And then at wide receiver, again, likely your best option is to just take one from this class because it's a very good wide receiver class. But on contending teams, if you wanted to trade for Jameson Williams or if you wanted to trade for Marvin Harrison Jr. or Devonte Smith or somebody like that, I think that would make sense. And my favorite in this range towards the back end of it is Dvonte Smith and Jaylen

Wadd. Tyreek Hill just got cut today. Uh he's going to be the number one Jaylen Waddle in Miami. Devonte Smith, there's rumors that AJ Brown could get traded. I expect him to get traded. So Dvonte Smith is probably going to see a big time increase in value and in production. So I like those two guys if you're looking for like veteran wide receivers. Let's say you're like, you know, in a deep league PPR league, and you're like, I I like Casey Conpsion, I like Denzel Boston, but I just want a locked and loaded usable fantasy wide receiver right away. You just trade that 108 for Devonte Smith. I think that's a very fine move to go ahead and make. In fact, right at the end of the fantasy season, I traded my 109 for Jameson Williams for the exact same reason because I was on a competitive team and I felt like JO was better than anything I would get at 109 at the wide receiver position. So, moving into the next tier, like I said, 109 to 106 or so, there's going to be a upper range of that

prospect caliber in draft capital and landing spot that I think that's about where the tier break will be. 110 to 112 to me, I think, is about a separate tier because you're getting the worst of that range. the guys who didn't get the capital, the guys who didn't get the landing spot. This range, if you guys remember in the 2023 rookie draft cycle was where we were thinking we'd get first round Will Levvice or really good landing spot Zack Charbanet or Josh DS in the top 50 or Kendra Miller and Achan in the top 50 and all those guys either fell further than we were thinking or went to suboptimal landing spots like Zack Charbanet going to the Seahawks. that season, the 2023 like 109 to 112 ended up being a lot more undervalued than we thought it was going to. And I do think we could see a very similar situation this year where the 110, 111, and 112 aren't that different from the 2011, 202, 203, and 204. And that was even kind of the case last year. So, if everything runs pure, then I could be

wrong about that. But in dynasty, it feels like we could never have nice things. Of all the picks in today's video, I would say these are the ones that I'm most likely to sell right now. So, if you're listening to this and you're picking 110, 111, or 112, I would say that you should do your due diligence and shop these picks at the moment. Now, again, some people view this class as not very good. So, it might be challenging. Uh, and again, this area is most likely to be wide receiver prospects. It could be Omar Cooper, Elijah Serat, Zachariah Branch, Chris Purcell, and so on. It's probably too early for Tai Simpson, even with first round draft capital in my opinion. It's probably too early for Eli Stoers, the tight end two in this class from Vanderbilt, unless he gets top 50 capital to like an elite spot. And even then, I' I'd still think it's kind of early. And then it might be the range where Jadarian Price or Jonah Coleman fall to. Or maybe it's the range where

RB4 comes off the board if a couple running backs get good draft capital. But again, if you're picking here, it's most likely going to be a wide receiver. So, if your team is picking 110, 111, or 112, you probably want a quarterback in this range, if I had to guess, since it's the most unlikely position to fall here, unless you're super high on Tai Simpson, which I'm not. The single biggest buy in all of Dynasty for me at the quarterback position is Bryce Young because I like the young weapons around him. I like what he's been able to do in his career, steadily getting better. He runs the ball a little bit. Dave Canal, I think, is a good coach. If you're looking for a quarterback in this range, Bryce Young is a good one to go after. Or like I said, you could go up to Cam Ward to Jared Goff to uh Dak Prescott using a plus. Like maybe you can send the 111 plus a future two to get to Dak Prescott and get yourself a competitive quarterback. Um the actual single

biggest buy in all of Dynasty fantasy football, regardless of position, and it's the reason he's on the thumbnail, is Travis Hunter. Now, you guys are used to Danny talking about Travis Hunter a lot. Um, but Travis Hunter is a huge buy and it's because of this report that came out from Cam Wolf the other day where they said he is going to be used full-time at cornerback and part-time at wide receiver in 2026. So, I'm not going to copy him too hard. This is a real legitimate concern with Travis Hunter. Parker Washington looked great. Jacobe Meyers looked great. Brian Thomas Jr. has proven himself in the NFL and Travis Hunter has real concern. However, this is why I'm not concerned for Travis Hunter and why I'm buying in on him everywhere that I can. Number one, Travis Hunter is so freaking good. And anybody that says he isn't, I'm just I'm sorry. I don't take your opinion seriously. I don't. Like, if you can watch this guy play wide receiver and

tell me that you think he's not a good NFL wide receiver, then I don't understand what you're watching. Can you say he's raw and he needs development? Sure. But is he talented or is he tal is he not talented is just not true. Like, he absolutely is a talented wide receiver. Brian Thomas Jr. could easily be traded based on some of the reports we've heard. Jacobe Meyers will be 30 next year. Uh Parker Washington is a free agent after this year. And in my opinion, Meyers and Washington are were playing the role that was meant for Travis Hunter in this offense before he got injured. And before he got injured, we saw that game in London where he really turned it on and posted, you know, 24.1 PPR points per game, 14 targets. Like again, I get Travis Hunter didn't get a chance to prove what he can do over the course of a full NFL season. I just think that he's much better than these ancillary wide receivers in the offense. I don't think that Parker Washington scares me off of Travis

Hunter. I don't think that Jacobe Meyer scares me off of Travis Hunter. Think of the investment they put into this guy. Second pick in the draft, future first round pick to trade up, future second round pick to trade up as well. Hunter logically should just be way better than these guys and he should want to play wide receiver more as well since it's a better paying position. And in my opinion, he's better at playing wide receiver than he is at cornerback. And then finally in training camp when they go out there and they see Hunter, BTJ, Parker Washington, Jacobe Meyers all running drills and running lining up for routes and stuff. Hunter's talent will force the hand of the coaching staff. Cameron Wolf, who's the one who reported this, is a national reporter. He is not a Jaguars reporter. He's not in the building. He's not asking direct questions to the Jaguars brass. He is a national reporter. So, yes, could he be right about this? And he plays more cornerback in 2026. Yeah, I'm not

discounting that. I would rank him way higher than I have him ranked if I was discounting that. And I have him ranked at my 75th overall player. He's like my wide receiver 25 or something in Dynasty. Fine. I have the risk baked in and the and the upside baked in. I'm not going to say he's wide receiver eight in Dynasty right now because all I can see is the upside. Travis Hunter was born in 2003. So was Omar Cooper, Elijah Serat, a lot of the receivers you're going to get in this range anyways. Travis Hunter as a dynasty asset to me is like a king jack suited hand in poker. You don't know how you're going to win necessarily, but he has a lot of outs to win you matchups and win you a fantasy league. Whether it's BTJ getting traded, Parker Washington moving on in free agency, any injuries happening to this wide receiver core whatsoever, or Hunter himself just going, "Oh yeah, I'm like way better than these guys and I'm going to be the wide receiver one or two on

this team because I'm better than them." And that to me is the most likely outcome. But like I said, there's other outs that he could get there as well. Jacobe Myers will be 31 20 entering the 2027 season. Again, Serat, Brcell, Cooper, all those wide receiver prospects that are going to go in this 110 to even 202 range are the same age as Travis Hunter. So, it's not like you're getting a significantly older player, even if he is kind of a red shirt wide receiver this season. Doesn't get on the field full-time. Yes, the dynasty market could sour on him, but he was a much better prospect than those guys. A wide receiver one upside prospect in the model versus wide receiver two and three upside prospects. And he's flashed a ton of talent in the NFL before his injury. Go watch some tape. Don't just say he's not a good wide receiver. I promise you he is. My favorite wide receiver to buy in this range is Travis Hunter because I do think he is one of the best buys in all

of Dynasty fantasy football right now. But there's other guys that you could buy as well. Pure competitive teams could go after Devonte Adams, Wadd Smith, those type of guys. Like I said, maybe a Michael Wilson type if you believe in him. Um then I would also at the running back position be okay buying like a Travis ETN type here because he's a two to threeyear window guy. He's 26 years old. He's coming off of a really good season. Whether it's with Jacksonville or with a different team, he has a really nice projection going into next season. I think this is a guy that can continue his ways of being like a top 24, top 20 d uh fantasy running back, whether it's on the Jaguars or not. So, even though he's 27.1 years old, not 26. Like I said, I do think he's got two to three more really productive years in him. And I hope he he's back with Jacksonville because I do think that's his best place for him because him and Trevor Lawrence have so much chemistry. So, if you want to sell

111 112 for a running back right now, you're probably too low to get into the Chase Brown range. Um, and I, like I said, I don't love buying a guys like Josh Jacobs, but you can buy him as well. Travis ETN would be the one that I'd be the most interested in there. Um, I'd be comfortable buying Tucker Craft as well if you guys need a tight end. I think it's a little steep for Sam Leaporta, Dalton Concincaid, Kyle Pitts, those type of guys, Aronda Gadson, but if it was a heavy tight end premium, I think I would be fine with it. Um, my favorite of that group is definitely Tucker Craft, but I also don't hate Leaporta either because I think a lot of people look at Sam Laaporta like, "Okay, this guy's broken. His back is all [ __ ] up. Um, he got shut down for the season, but he's only 25 years old and not even entering his prime and has already got two top eight seasons in points per game under his belt, including a tight end one finish as a rookie. So, Sam Leaporta, yes, he's

dealing with injury. There's some uncertainty around that. Most doctors that I've seen the reports on Sam Laora seem mildly concerned. They don't seem terrified the way that the dynasty community does. So, uh, Sam Laaporta would be a guy that if you needed a tight end in this range and Sadi doesn't fall or you don't like Sadi, you could maybe go after Leaporta instead. So, that is the end of the video. Pick 101 in 2026 all the way down to pick 112 in 2026. Who could you buy? Who could you shop your picks for if you're looking to trade off of them? Now, I'm not going to do the thing that everybody else does with this class and say, "This class sucks. Trade all your picks away." No. This class has some very good prospects in it. This class has tier breaks in it like any class does. 101 is obviously a tier break. 102 to 104, maybe 105 if you really love Tyson, that is a tier break as well. 106 to 112 give or take is about the same grades for me. But given

landing spot, draft capital projected, maybe we get a mini tier within that. Like I said, it's probably 16 to 1 nine and then 110, 111, 112. And then in my opinion, where this class is the worst is in the early second round. I actually think it's worse there than it is at the end of the first round. And I also think that the late second round has some nice upside swings. The early third round, mid- third round has some upside swings. It's just like the depth of really good prospects runs out quickly. And I think once we get draft capital, once we get landing spots, testing numbers, and all that stuff, we're going to realize that there's about 13 to 15 guys that stand head and shoulders above the rest. And that's where the class is going to start to fall off. So don't just sell your picks because every dynasty analyst on Twitter told you that 111 sucks. No, take it into account what it could turn into. Take it into account who you're actually getting and ideally maybe get a

little bit on top of what you would sell the pick for because from now February 16th as I'm recording this to the combine, the pro days, the draft, your rookie draft, the pick's going to go up in value regardless of how bad the class is. That it's a universal principle. Doesn't matter how bad people like me say a class is, it will always gain value closer to the rookie draft. Always. doesn't matter how bad the class is because people want rookie picks. People have their favorites. People start paying attention to the combine. People will watch the NFL draft. It will always gain value regardless of how good the class is. And of course, I will have a video telling you exactly how good this class is based on the profiles that we're dealing with. And of course, if you guys do want our Dynasty Rookie Draft Guide, it is now live and everything that is involved. I'll go through it right now. We have 25 prospect profiles, grades, strengths, weaknesses, everything you guys will be

able to see on the screen right now. Also, new this year, in addition to all the stuff that you see on the screen, you have a prospect video for every single player. Danny and I have gone through and broken down their film, broken down how we got to the grade that you see in the actual player card there. So, while you know the player cards is normally what we do, we figured we'd give you guys instead of writing up why we have rationale for certain grades, we broke them down in videos. So, 25 brand new videos that you will not see on YouTube because they have film in them. We'll get copyrighted if we do. You can uh get access to those right now by heading over to flockfantasy.com using the promo code f of the packages. 7 days for free when you try it out. And of course, you get all those videos. 700 plus minutes, 12 plus hours of never-before-seen video content from Danny and I breaking down each prospect. And I think where this is going to come most in handy for you guys is if you're on the clock deciding

between two players, you can go to the video library, which is live on the draft guide, and watch the video profile of each player and decide, okay, he like this guy, I like his film. I don't really love these traits about him. This guy, I like him a little bit better after watching the video. I'm going to choose this guy. I think that's where the application is going to come in the most. But of course, you can binge every single video on there if you want to. There's 25 of them already live and there will be 50 plus by the time we get to the actual NFL draft. So, check that out. That'll be linked down below in the pin comment. Um, but with that being said, like, subscribe, comment down below any of your thoughts. Peace out. I'll talk to you soon.
