We are 1 week away from the NFL draft and Dane Brugler dropped us an absolute gift, a seven-round NFL mock draft that Danny and I are of course going to mock the mock, do a four-round superflex half tight end premium rookie mock based on the draft capital and the landing spots that Dane outlines in his mock. Now, as you guys are going to see here, this is a mock that I would say is kind of a little doomsday-y for the fantasy community. Like the better prospects went later, the worse prospects went higher. So, there's going to be a lot of conversations that we have to have here. Danny, you are going odds, I'm going evens. Um we don't have to spend any time on Jeremiah Love, but he did go to the best landing spot he can go to, which is the Commanders. Yeah, uh good offensive infrastructure, set quarterback, offensive coordinator with some buzz right now. Obviously, they make the move this offseason, fire Kliff Kingsbury, promote David Blough. By all accounts, it sounds like David Blough is

one of the most encouraging offensive minds on the scene right now. So, you're getting a creative offensive mind along with arguably one of the best running back prospects we have seen in the last 15 years. I would say he's probably top five in that regard, top five prospect at running back in the last 15 years. Uh yeah, he's top five of the last since 2016 according to the prospect model. In fact, he's uh fourth, I believe, in the prospect model since 2016. So, yeah, going to the Commanders, anybody who's a 101 bag holder would be very excited about that. Not a lot of alternatives. Yeah, in this specific mock, I would say that the guys who go 102 to 105 generally, except for one of them, didn't go to the best landing spots. So, I would say if you have the 101 or if you're looking to trade up for the 101 or something like that, this would be a situation that would cause a lot of people to want to trade up for the 101 given the landing spots that some of these other guys have. So, um in kind of

tier two for us, Makai Lemon, USC wide receiver, goes to the Jets at 16th overall in this mock. Carnell Tate, wide receiver of Ohio State, goes eighth overall to the New Orleans Saints in this mock. Fernando Mendoza to the Raiders as usual. And then Jordan Addison, who for me, I because of the landing spot difference, I would actually bring him into this tier, not necessarily take him over those guys, but I think he at least belongs in this tier in terms of value. He'd go up in like startup value and stuff. I'm going to just stick to my board. I'm going to roll with um Actually, you know what? I'm going to make you have to make a tough decision. I'll go with Carnell Tate here. Went eighth overall to the New Orleans Saints. I know you wanted to take >> about to hype up the landing spot, too. I was ready for it. I mean, I don't really love the Tyler Shock experience, but top 10 draft capital, Chris Olave on an expiring deal as well, I think matters as well. And Tate gets the top

10 capital, whereas Lemon goes outside the top 10 and Tyson goes outside the top 10. So, I'll use that to tiebreak to Tate cuz I I generally I think Tate and Lemon are pretty interchangeable. Yeah, um I'm Carnell Tate 102 here, and I would actually be very excited about the Saints landing spot. Um I'm higher on Tyler Shock than you are, and I do think the style of quarterback he is fits extremely well with the skill set that Carnell Tate has. On top of that, you can use Chris Olave a little more in space. Obviously, Carnell Tate, one of the best sideline wide receivers, boundary wide receivers that you'll see come out. Having Chris Olave operate that middle of the field, too, will open up a lot of opportunities for those deep shots. So, I would be all on board with Carnell Tate going to the Saints, and I do think he has maybe not year one because Olave is still a target commander, but I do think by year two we could be looking at a perennial 1,200, 1,300 yard receiver.

For sure. Yeah, so um what are you going to do with the 103 here? You going to go Jets, Makai Lemon at 16th overall, Tyson for the Rams at uh 13th overall, or maybe just take the quarterback and Mendoza at 101? I will go with Makai Lemon here. Uh goes 16th overall, like you said, to New York Jets. Um not the greatest situation right now, but let's just rest, guys. They have the 2027 ammo. They can get Arch Manning, Adonai Moore. They can get somebody like that. Quarterback situation is murky for now, but I do think it will be corrected by next year. And on top of that, like we say, you know, quarterback situation is murky. I think Geno Smith is a better quarterback than you I think that's kind of like where I'm at as well. Obviously, he didn't have the great year with the Raiders, but I also think there's a lot that went wrong with the Raiders. We've talked about the offensive line. We've talked about nepotism in the coaching staff. Like there was a lot wrong with

the Raiders this past season, but we do know that Geno Smith has been a solid starting quarterback for the two years prior. So, I do think with Makai Lemon here, Garrett Wilson probably going to start as the one, but I do think this could be a 1A, 1B situation. Yeah, I think if if Lemon goes to the Jets, there's probably a good chance you're probably flushing year one to some degree if you were taking him in in a startup uh in a rookie draft where you're like, "Hey, I'm a rebuilder. I'm building for the long term." The Jets have 327 first. They probably get their quarterback at then at that point. Um in this draft, they did actually take one of my favorite prospects at quarterback. So, um that's something to keep in mind with Lemon, but generally speaking, you're probably expecting like a Romeo Doubs, JSN, Luther Burden type rookie season where you hope that Lemon would show the signs that he's a great receiver towards the end of the season, but you're probably not getting like a

top 12 fantasy producer year one. Just based on Garrett being there and the fact that Geno in the offense is not super great. I will um I will actually take Tyson here. Uh I'll do the Tyson over uh Mendoza only for the the simple reason that this tier is very close. Tyson, because he gets the Rams landing spot at 13th overall, he gets to learn from a guy like Davante Adams how to set up his routes, how to develop at the next level, how to maybe put in the work, you know, and all that kind of thing. >> Yeah, like I just I I love the landing spot of Tyson to the Rams. As much as I'm not super high on Tyson, as we've documented a million times, when we take Jordan Tyson, if he's going to hit his ceiling, it's going to take the right fit, the right landing spot, the right scheme. Everything involved uh points me to yeah, Jordan Tyson to the Rams would be an absolute smash. I would not take him over Lemon or Tate, which I think many people would in this scenario if

this is how things actually play out. I would probably trade down from that Tyson pick, pick up an extra two or something, get Lemon or uh uh Tate lower on the board. I would imagine if this happened, you think that he's consensus 102? Most likely? Uh for most people, probably, I would say. Again, most people also just view the talent-wise to be in the tier with Tate and Lemon. Us getting him in in here is accounting for the fact that the landing spot's better. Yeah, yeah, but I think that the market would probably have him 102. So, we would probably be in a position where if we have 102s, we would maybe be looking to trade down or maybe looking to, you know, maneuver the board or maybe get a share or two here and there. But uh yeah. A A V A, Corey, what's our favorite term? Uh due >> Diligence. Uh V A, sorry. V A. >> V A. Value accumulation, baby. Yeah. Accumulation. Um yeah, we would be doing a lot of that if Tyson was the unanimous 102. I'm not going to waste your time

here. Very clear. Uh 101 in this mock draft, Fernando Mendoza, I will be taking at the 105. We know where Fernando Mendoza is at this point. We've known, like I said, the landing spot for a while, and ultimately with Fernando Mendoza, he's kind of that B plus, A minus level fantasy prospect to go at 101, where in the best-case scenario, you're hoping for like a Joe Burrow, you're a Dak Prescott, you're hoping for a guy that can kind of consistent that mid-range of the quarterback one rankings on any given year. But is he ever truly going to be a top three option? Is he ever truly going to be the 23, 24, 25 point per game upside. He doesn't have the mobility of a guy like Drake May or especially a guy like Jayden Daniels, but at the same time, I think he could be a perennial 35 touchdown, 30 to 40 300 to 400 rushing yard type of guy. And ultimately, that can get you a top five to seven type of season. Yeah, and I think in this situation where like Lemon doesn't get a good

spot, Tyson's the one with the good spot, Tate gets a solid spot in my opinion, but not an excellent spot. Uh you could argue that this is maybe the scenario in which Mendoza could go 102, or at least if you're a quarterback-needy team, you consider him 102 at that point. Um but yeah, generally, he is more so our 104-ish type of uh asset, 105 in this scenario because of Tyson's landing spot. I'm on the board at 106, and like the way I look at this mock, and you guys should be able to see it on the screen here, is you see Baltimore takes Kenyon Seddik at the 14th overall pick, which is an awesome landing spot for him. Casey Conception goes 20th to the Browns, which I think is a really nice landing spot for him as well. Denzel Boston goes to the Chiefs at 29th overall, which I'm sure a lot of people would be excited about. And then you also have Jadarian Price going in the second round to the Texans. I know they have Montgomery, but top 60 draft capital running back is uh

definitely going to move the needle. And then the Steelers take Omar Cooper Jr. at 21. Ironically, they've always been in on Brandon Aiyuk. Will they just draft the younger version of Brandon Aiyuk in this situation? I think I'll stick to my board here, and I'll take Kenyon Seddik going to the We are doing this from a half tight end premium frame of mind, and I love this landing spot to be honest. I really hope he goes here because um Andrews is like on the back nine of his career. They inexplicably extended him last season. They let Kolar and likely walk in free agency. And I feel like Seddik would get a really nice opportunity to come in like Loveland did last year behind a a stable veteran tight end. And then by the end of the season, we get Seddik kind of where Loveland is now, which is like we see the big production. Maybe Andrews deals with some injuries at some point. And Seddik can come in and be the number two target really in this offense. Yeah, would have been my pick as well.

Ultimately going to an a former MVP quarterback, especially with the upside long term to be a top two target on the team, and I think that's Zay cuz obviously we're giving Zay Flowers the benefit of the doubt. But if Kenyon Seddik is at the ceiling that he can get to, there's even the possibility he's the number one on this team in the future. Yeah, not to mention they also love their tight ends in the red zone. And they took Jonah Coleman later in this who I think was a steal terms of where they got him in this scenario. So, I really like what they'd be doing to reload their weapon score from some older guys like Andrews and Henry. You're on the board with 107 here. You going to go Casey, you going to go Boston, you going to go uh Price, uh Cooper? Um three guys really in consideration here in terms of the pre-draft rankings I would have these guys. It would be in the order of Conception, Cooper, and then Boston. But knowing that Conception goes to what I would describe as probably the worst

situation of the bunch with Cleveland. And with Omar Cooper Jr., not a great situation either with the Pittsburgh Steelers in terms of long-term quarterback option. Is it going to be Aaron Rodgers for this year? That's fine, but what are they going to do long-term? I kind of have my questions. I have no question marks with Patrick Mahomes. And although I do view Denzel Boston as an inferior prospect, it's hard to ignore the potential number one X wide receiver long-term for Patrick Mahomes. Rashee Rice is there, but there is a little bit of a concern in terms of, you know, he isn't going to get suspended, but at the same time he's kind of shown his cards, I would say in these last couple years. Who knows if he, you know, does something knuckleheaded. All that being said, even if it's a one-two situation where Boston is the number two, Rice is the number one, Mahomes is going to be a threat to throw 40-plus touchdowns in any given year. Mahomes is going to be a threat to lead the league in passing

yards in any given year. And I do think Denzel Boston is a very good football player. So ultimately here, if you plugged Michael Pittman with the with the Kansas City Chiefs, I think you would get a damn productive player. Yeah, no, I think you would. Um, I don't love that landing spot just because I think >> love the Chiefs here? I do, but like schematically I think that Rice is going to be the one. I think that I I believe in Worthy a little bit more >> why. other people do. And also Kelce's going to soak up a lot of targets cuz he's Kelce and that kind of thing. So I just think that he might get lost in the shuffle just a little bit as far as how many like high-end seasons you get from a guy like Boston where he's like commanding 130, 140-plus targets. But ultimately none of these guys really landed in excellent landing spots. So I get why you would take him at 107. Yeah, I just I compare the Chiefs landing spot to the Browns and the Steelers. It's like although I had both those guys at

an 85 and Boston I believe at an 82.5 or an 83 in my prospect grades. Uh, give me Patrick Mahomes all day over potentially Aaron Rodgers and I mean, is it going to be Deshaun Watson starting for Cleveland on week one? Is that what we're getting? I I'm going to roll with KC here because ultimately yes, the quarterback situation kind of sucks, but I like the Muncin scheme for KC Concepcion. And I also like the fact that KC goes to a situation where outside of Harold Fannin, I'm not really worried about a ton of target commanding players there. Whereas with Boston, there's a little bit more competition. Again, it's more what you look for. Are you looking for the installation of the Mahomes situation? Are you looking for the targets right away? I think that year one you could see KC have like a pretty solid year as far as like target share and like overall targets, like PPR points per game and stuff. So again, hopefully goes to like the 49ers, the Bills or some better landing spot, but I

actually don't hate the Browns as I think he fits the offense and I do think whether it's Shudder, whether it's Watson, I think that's a short-term problem. I think in 2027 they'd be picking high enough that they'd have the opportunity to draft a quarterback in that situation. So I'll go with KC just be just chasing the targets available. Kind of similar situation to what I mentioned with the Jets. I'm just I guess I'm a little more cozy with the Jets situation because they have more ammo in 2027, but yeah, I can see them fixing the quarterback situation. And who knows, maybe we get Shudder having a good year. Maybe we have Deshaun Watson going back to his problem. Obviously I'm talking, you know, a little bit ironic here >> crazy if we got a vintage Watson season in the in the big 26. I'm being a little facetious. I'm being a little ironic here. Like what are the odds of that happening? Probably like 1% I would say, but who knows, man.

>> Would he win comeback player of the year if that happened? Bro, I don't think the NFL can handle that as a brand. I don't think they can either, but wouldn't it be funny if he did like have like a 35 touchdown season or something like that? Yeah, that would be that would be pretty insane, but I'll keep it pretty simple here. Omar Cooper Jr. is going to be the next pick. It's a wide receiver three tier three here with the Boston landing spot in my opinion. Um, and yeah, not great, not crazy about the AFC North quarterback situations of these two teams, but at the same time I do think he could potentially develop into the number one target commander on this team. I think DK Metcalf is the perfect long-term wide receiver two to have in terms of a production piece. People might argue, well, DK Metcalf is better than Omar Cooper. But if Omar Cooper becomes the receiver he can be, I think he's going to be a better fantasy asset than than DK Metcalf is. So that's

what I'll point out here. Omar Cooper's got the yards after catch ability. Omar Cooper's got in my opinion underrated three-level ability. And I do think with Pittsburgh they always just seem to hit on these wide receivers before they lose their mentals. Yeah, yeah, hopefully he doesn't lose his mentals. In this situation you have to assume it's Rodgers playing quarterback and they did take Garrett Nussmeier in the third round of this mock as well. So maybe they would view him as a succession plan or maybe Will Howard's still somebody that they believe in. We don't exactly know. I definitely would have taken Judarian Price over Cooper and maybe even over Boston as well depending on the roster that I had that I was dealing with. The Texans have David Montgomery this year, obviously. They have Woody Marks who you and I don't really believe in, but he can be a pass-catching back. I think that Judarian Price would be pretty well set up as a second round running back

coming in behind a 28, 29-year-old running back with a lot of touches under his belt that by year two we could see like if you remember like Cam Akers, Miles Sanders, Javonte Williams by the end of their rookie seasons, we saw enough from them, even Touton as a good example of this right now where like year two with Judarian Price's backfield. So that's kind of like it's like he's a one-year punt type of pick, but he could be top 15 dynasty running back by the end of his rookie year. Yeah, kind of on the same page with you there with JD Price. Ultimately I do think with the landing spot, with the draft capital, he would be a part of this tier. And I do think like you said with David Montgomery, it's probably only a one-term fix and then Judarian Price would have the backfield to himself moving forward. Um, but I'm at the 111 and I would say this is definitely a tier drop just based off the mock draft. Um, you could go with like an Elijah Sorat from the Raiders. He goes in the third round,

67th overall like you guys can see on the screen. Chris Bell goes to the Dolphins. Eli Stowers obviously could be in consideration. Some people, especially in the fantasy community, would probably value him here especially. Ty Simpson, if you need a quarterback, he goes 34th to the Cardinals, opportunity to start right away. Ted Hearst, who's one of my my guys, funny enough, has some similarities to Terry McLaurin and does go 71st overall to the Washington Commanders. German Bernard and Mike Washington. Um, man, I am I am struggling to It's not a great not a great situation here if you're picking at 111 or 112. This is like I said, if you're picking near the end of the first round, like you need a first round Ty Simpson, you need a couple of earlier round running backs. Like you need something to give you some juice in this area of the board. Yeah, and even though it's not a stack because obviously I'm picking for different teams, I do think this is probably where Sorat has to go. Um, I

will take him here. He goes obviously like I said, 67th to the Raiders, does pair with Fernando Mendoza. That does give me a lot of confidence as well cuz in that scenario assuming Mendoza is probably like, "Hey, Tom. Hey, Clint. Go get me my number one wide receiver from Indiana." And obviously they would have obliged. And there is an opportunity where I mean, let's be honest, outside of Brock Bowers, what are the proven targets on the Raiders? >> depth chart in the NFL and I don't even think it's close. It's insanely wide open for Sorat where if he does become that big slot, you know, power slot type of option for this offense, like there's an opportunity here where he can command 120, 130 targets even as soon as year one or two. Like I do think that's It's in the range of Austin. I love This is one of my favorite spots that Sorat can go to. A cuz he's got his quarterback with him, but B because I think you get a situation like what Clint did with

Cooper Kupp who's like by far and away like so washed. I think you do that with Sorat and you get a much better outcome this year. So I I really, really like that landing spot and yeah, I think this is pretty aggressive as far as how high 67th overall receiver would go in a in a mock like this, but >> That's what the class is, man. >> Again, the class is like pick your guys and Sorat is I didn't think you were going to take him to be honest cuz he's totally one of my guys more so than he is one of yours, but you me and you both agree that he's at least in the same conversation talent-wise as Cooper, Boston, and Concepcion. So I actually have him as 12th overall in my superflex rankings as a in terms of talent in the tier with Denzel Boston. Obviously the capital plus the landing spot of the Chiefs put put Boston a tier above based on this mock. But the only guy that I have ranked above him as a prospect is Jonah Coleman who hasn't gone. And obviously given the context of this

mock, he probably won't go for a little bit. Yeah, fifth round capital obviously sucks. If I like the Ravens landing spot, but he goes definitely a lot further down the board than we would want him to. Let's rip through some more picks here. I will um I think that this is a good fit for what this team is right now, which is like they're tanking, they're a bad team. They have Malik Willis who's not an exceptional quarterback anyways. Let's give Chris Bell an opportunity to come back fully from his ACL tear. So I'll roll with Chris Bell here with 43rd overall capital. I mean, you know, year one is a little bit of a wash because of how bad the team is, but also just get on the field and produce something and then maybe we're excited about you going into year two. Maybe they are the team that ultimately lands an Arch Manning or a Dante Moore or something like that and then you can get excited about Chris Bell at that point. Yeah, I think that would be a very good fit. And ultimately

him going forward with third overall, there is a lot of upside in that situation especially knowing they traded Waddle. So yeah, I like that. I'm not going to waste any time. I will take Ted Hearst for the Commanders. Their wide receiver room outside of Terry McLaurin right now, I'll just be perfectly clear. Their two slated starters outside of him are Luke McCaffrey and Treylon Burks. I think that's all I need to say. Yeah, they're pretty cheeks at the wide receiver position. Again, this is a tier where like it's get your guy season. Like the way that I would organize this group of second and third round picks all together and then again some of the day three running backs that we have is Okay, some guys have landing spot plus draft capital like Ted Hearst here. Some guys have landing spot plus draft capital like Bell. But then some guys have either or. They either didn't get the draft capital but got the landing spot or they got the the the capital but not the landing spot, which is again why

I said this mock is a lot harder of a four-round mock to do where it's more doomsday for a lot of these guys where we'd have to really, really be in a position like 2023's when we saw Charbonnet go to the Seahawks and Levis fall to the first round and all that kind of stuff where you're like, man, this class sucks. And I do think that's what the opinion would be of this class if this is what happened. Um, I am deciding here between do I take the Eli Stove in half tight end premium? Good landing spot for him going to Carolina at 51st overall. I actually really like that spot for him. Oh, yeah. Um, they also don't really have a slot receiver at the moment. Like Coker is, you know, big, physical. Like Leggett, you don't really know what you're doing with him. Uh, I like Trey Sermon of the 49ers, so I think that's a really good landing spot for his skill set. Um, Mike Washington goes to the Seahawks. That's a wide open depth chart, although I'm a little lower on

the prospect. Um, I will take Stove here cuz I just ultimately want to stick to my grades a little bit. Um, I didn't have Washington and Stove very close in terms of grades, so I'll roll with Stove here who I had a top 50 grade on. Yeah, I think that makes a ton of sense. Um, you didn't really mention this name at all, but I do think Ty Simpson going to the Cardinals is going to be my pick because Okay. there's a wide open situation where yeah, you have Jacoby Brissett there, but if you take Ty Simpson, it's probably going to be a situation like we saw with Jackson Dart this year where, you know, the backup quarterback starts at the beginning or backup quarterback, the veteran quarterback starts the beginning of the year and then, you know, as the team loses games and the people in the stands are like, we want Ty. We want Ty. And I mean, obviously I'm making a mockery of the situation, but ultimately if he does get the opportunity, I do think the Cardinals represent a pretty sneaky,

very good landing spot here. You do have two wide receivers that you trust. You have arguably the best tight end in football. You have an offensive line that was improving. Like I do think Simpson to the Cardinals is one of my better fits in the class. Yeah, and uh, in round one, they take Francis Mauigoa at third overall. So, like you bolster the offensive line as well. Like yeah, I maybe I should have taken Ty Simp I definitely would take Ty Simpson over Ted Hurst for what it's worth. I I would have taken Stove over Hurst as well. Um, so Simpson would have been my next pick also, but yeah. I mean, Michael Wilson, Marvin Harrison, Trey McBride, Algier and those guys in the backfield with a improved offensive line. Yeah. I mean, I don't love Simpson the prospect, which ultimately is what I keep coming back to. It's like he can have a good situation all he wants, but I don't really like the prospect that much. But good situation. What have we said is the best case scenario? The best case

scenario maybe in the right spot he be he can become Brock Purdy. I can argue that the Cardinals with Will Fuller there, with these offensive weapons, like kind of like a Purdy-esque spot for him to develop. Yeah. Yeah, and uh, speaking of uh, the 49ers and Brock Purdy, I will uh, take Trey Sermon here because uh, Pearsall, Evans, Evans older, Pearsall never really on the field and also like if he does hit, like Pearsall's more of like a Z receiver and I think Bernard can be like kind of a big slot, yards after catch. He's definitely not going to replace Deebo Samuel's role by any means, but I do think Purdy is uh, you know, a smart quarterback who's going to hit open guys, beat zone coverage at a high level and that's what Bernard does very well. So, I actually really like the landing spot and I have to go back and watch another game on Bernard because I like people that I trust that I think are really good at their job scouting players, they seem to be really high on

Trey Sermon and I wasn't super high on him at first watch, so I definitely want to go back and watch another game on him. Like to me, he's got a very tight range of outcomes. Like you know he's going to be a good football player, but he just doesn't, in my opinion, have the highest ceiling. Like >> But in San Fran, he might. Which exactly. If you put Romeo Doubs in San Fran, he could be a thousand yard receiver, which is exactly what I think this would be. And they also were actually apparently really in on Romeo Doubs and I think he would have been hit the pivot option for the 49ers had Mike Evans not gone there. Yeah, for sure. Um, but you mentioned it. Um, Mike Washington does uh, see his name called here. I wasn't the highest on the film, but he is what he is, man. He is a home run threat for the defending Super Bowl champions. Now, when we look at the situation, Zach Charbonnet coming off of the torn ACL. They did sign Emmanuel Wilson who's always been kind of more of

a complimentary piece to a backfield. And I'm not saying Mike Washington is going to come in and be the starter from week one, week two, week three, but at the same time, big, physical gap runner that can break away those big runs. This is a situation we want him to be in. This is one of the best scenarios that you can possibly have for Mike Washington, especially if you are one of the guys who that has him RB3, RB4 in the class. Yeah, I think that if this happened, you could argue that he could have gone as high as 111 or 112. Not Now, I would like to caution people that 96 overall draft capital from a hit rate standpoint is basically no different than fourth or fifth round capital for the running back position. Like Jahmyr Gibbs going 59th overall is very different than Mike Washington going at the end of the third round. The end of the third round the last couple of years has not produced very fruitful running back prospects. Like think of your Trey Sermons and your Caleb Johnsons and like

normally it's like, hey, when it hits, it's a Brian Robinson, it's a Rachaad White. When it misses, it's a Trey Sermon or a Caleb Johnson. So, I do want to buck the narrative that day two running back capital is this lumped together thing. And I'll be on >> between There's a difference between early round two draft capital, late round two draft capital, and third round capital altogether, which we definitely want to account for. So, this next group this is get your guy season, in my opinion. Like from here to like the mid third is going to be, like I said, do you value the capital of Malachi Fields going 54th overall to the Eagles, or do you value the talent, the pre-draft evaluation of a Jonah Coleman who goes fifth round to the Baltimore Ravens, but doesn't get the capital? So, this is going to be all over the place, I would imagine, for a lot of people. I'm taking I'm taking Jonah Coleman cuz even with fifth round capital, he's probably the

highest FSC prospect model grade of anybody on the board. Yeah, I think that's very valid. I was I was looking at it. I'm like, hmm, does he go with Coleman? Does he go with his boy to the Jags? Like I'm not I I wasn't sure what he was going >> ends here that are going to hear their name called in a second, too. Yeah, yeah, including with this pick with Max Melton going to the Eagles. I got it on a one year deal. A.J. Brown probably going to be traded to the Patriots, I would assume. And Max Melton, I do think once Dallas Goddard potentially leaves next year, you get him as a top two target on this team. Like I feel like the usage that we saw at Ohio State, evidenced by the fact that he was used in a much wider capacity at Purdue as a main target threat. At Ohio State, he was just playing third fiddle to those two superhumans on the outside. I do think there's a lot of receiving upside here given the fact that he had those 2.3 or that 2.3 yards per route run at Purdue.

Yeah, no, definitely. Um, you mentioned uh, my my boy going to the Jags. Listen, it's 208. It's get your guy season. If I don't think this prospect is a good quarterback prospect, then there's no way I would spend a pick on him because I think that ultimately the quarterback of the New York Jets is probably in the 2027 NFL Draft. They have three first round picks. They did draft Hendon Hooker in this scenario, though. And if Drew Allar, who is, in my opinion, the absolute perfect quarterback for the New York Jets to draft at some point during this year's draft because worst case scenario, he flames out, he's maybe a long-term backup or whatever the case is. Best case scenario, he has the ceiling and he has the tools to become a franchise quarterback for a fraction of what you're going to have to pay. And imagine if, let's say, Allar comes out and pulls a Tyler Shock and has a great rookie season or something, and the Jets get to go into next year's class with

327 first, probably still a high pick to maybe go up and get Jeremiah Smith or whatever the case is, and they can add some legitimate firepower to this team while having a fourth round rookie quarterback on that cheap of a contract. Yeah, no, that I think that would make sense. And honestly, like you said, you could have told me that Drew Allar went at 206. You could have told me that Drew Allar went at 308 in this mock, and I would say, okay, that probably makes sense. >> on Allar, like I am, that's why I'm willing to take him here. It's the same exact rationale I had last year on Jaylen Milroe. And did Jaylen Milroe work out? No. But am I beating myself up every night that I missed on my 208 last year? No. That's That's like That's like getting 208s all the time. You guys, oh, you took Kyle Williams instead. Congrats. That's like getting pissed at yourself for buying a $10 lottery ticket when you don't win. Yeah. Oh, [ __ ] >> Allar and Milroe

types every day of the week and twice on Sunday if I like what I see on film and there's some redeeming qualities in the profile and the ceiling is there for fantasy, which in both cases it was. When I was in high school, I knew some people that were like that. They'd buy like [ __ ] five five $5 lottery tickets or eight $5 lottery tickets and be like, oh, [ __ ] I didn't win anything. And I'm like, well, like what do you expect? Like you it's the lottery for freaking reason. Like you can't get mad at yourself for spending the money knowing that, oh, there's probably a good likelihood this isn't going to work out. And then it actually doesn't work out. You know what I mean? Yeah, no, exactly. So, what are you thinking here, Harry? I This is this probably going to be you and I taking our my guys, I imagine, for a while, but what are you thinking? Yeah, um, I'd be between two. See, I actually do like Brenton Strange. I think he's a good tight end, but 88th

overall capital and the skill set that Justin Shorter has kind of makes me lean him here with the Jacksonville Jaguars. So, I do think in this scenario maybe it would be the one-two punch this year. Maybe long-term they move off of Brenton Strange as opposed to giving him that big time extension. And I do think he's just a good enough player to be able to go in this range. So, I will go with Justin Shorter, half tight end premium, and I do think the upside long-term is very massive given the receiving skill set he's shown. Yeah, no, exactly. I I I Shorter is my tight end uh, three in the class, and I have him in the same tier as um, uh, Stove, which is different for you, obviously, cuz you have Kincaid at tight end. >> Kincaid, too. I I do really like the landing spot there. Obviously, very, very target competition heavy at the moment with with I mean, [ __ ] we we we mentioned Travis Hunter once, and people go, well, what about Parker Washington? What about Jacobi Meyers? What about

Brian Thomas? And you throw tight ends into the mix, it becomes really, really complex there, but And they took two wide receivers in the mock. Yeah, literally. Either way, it's a very, very good situation for um, for Shorter long-term. Not short-term, but long-term it's a good situation for him. Uh, this is where it gets challenging cuz again, the receivers you get some good landing spots, you get some good capital for some of these guys. Antonio Williams, a receiver that I really like, goes to the Chargers, 86th overall. Zachariah Branch fulfills the Rondale Moore prophecy and goes to the Cardinals to be their fourth receiver. Um, then you have Oscar Delp, who I'm sure you're going to probably take at some point. My highest rated receiver by a mile on the board right now is Jacoby Lane, but he goes fifth round to the Miami Dolphins. Am I going to go do what I just did with Jerual Ervin, stick to my board, and just trust my evaluation on some of these guys, or am I going to lean more into, okay,

conservatively, I like my evaluation, but I'm going to go with a guy who I still like, but gets better capital, and that's what I'm going to do with Antonio Williams here. Uh, I like Antonio Williams quite a bit. I think he can be a field stretching big slot big slot vertical slot, or he can be a guy who can play Z receiver in the long term. I'll take, you know, Tetherman to Justin Herbert third round capital for a prospect I like. Yeah, um that that makes a ton of sense. I was between him and the other guy that I'm talking about here. Um yeah, you kind of outlined it. Do I want to reach down the board for a guy that I like in a better spot that maybe isn't in the same tier, or do I want to be >> conundrum that everybody would be facing at nearly every pick. Cuz realistically I have De'Shawn Shribling at 18 and Zachariah Branch at 12. There is a discrepancy in my rankings. But also, when you look at the overall grade, they aren't as far out as that discrepancy

would point to. And I would argue the difference between the New England Patriots at freaking 63 overall would be massive for me. Like, there's the op- there's the opportunity there that realistically, what? The number one on New England right now is Romeo Dobbs at 17 and a half million dollars. I I think De'Shawn Shribling's could be at De'Shawn Shribling's I think De'Shawn Shribling could be at worst a top two wide receiver on that team in the long term. So, um I'll I'll take him here just because of the fact that the Cardinals situation would be a little murky at that point with Michael Wilson, Marvin Harrison Jr., and Trey McBride. It's close, though. Yeah, I uh This would be classic New England, by the way, taking a receiver prospect that's probably not better than most of the receivers you passed on. >> I I don't disagree, but also the opportunity there versus some of these other spots, like the other spots here, like, what? Your

number three, number four wide receiver off the bat. There's the opportunity he could be the number two with the Patriots. Yeah. I mean, I see a receiver who I think is much better than De'Shawn Shribling, who didn't get the capital, but did go to a situation where he can easily be a top two target on the team. Not to mention the other pass catcher that they drafted in this class is Chris Bell, who's coming off of a torn ACL. So, I'm going to take Jacoby Lane. I get the fifth round capital sucks. >> Yeah, that's a big difference. That's 100 picks. >> guy season at this point. I'm taking a guy who I think is absolutely worth an early second round pick from a talent perspective. Yeah, I again, you were a little bit higher on Lane than me, but at the same time, he is still my wide receiver 10, so I agree from a talent perspective, he is like very much better than De'Shawn Shribling. Heck, it's number 10 versus number 18. But also, just like De'Shawn

Shribling went literally almost 100 picks ahead of him, which is kind of why >> That's fine. I'll trust my board at this point. In this class where no one probably knows what the hell they're talking about most likely on on good prospect bad landing spot bad prospect good landing spot, etc. Like, I'll just take my guys. Well, this is the mental gymnastics a lot of you guys are going to have to do in your rookie drafts. You mentioned it, this is the worst kept secret in the room. Give me Oscar Delp to the Chiefs going 74th overall. Great draft capital, great landing spot. You learn from Travis Kelce for a year, and then you're potentially Patrick Mahomes tight end for the next generation. Yeah. No, I'm going to I'm going to keep it going with another guy that I think most people wouldn't take here, but is a guy that I think is a really high upside player in Nicholas Singleton going to the Jets >> it. in the fourth round. At the end of the fourth round, they take Nicholas

Singleton. Breece Hall's on the franchise tag. Long term, maybe it's a Nicholas Singleton Braelon Allen backfield. We don't know. Like, Singleton and and Allen are both really young still. So, they might think, hey, we get Jerual Ervin in the building, we get Michael Lemon in the building, maybe we find our offensive identity, and maybe Singleton shows a lot as a rookie and can be a good receiving back for us, and maybe Allen shows enough steps forward that he can be an early down guy for us. So, I like I like just taking a swing on Singleton cuz ultimately, I think Singleton can be the best running back or one of the best running backs out of this class if he hits his ceiling. Yep. I like that. I will be taking next here. Um between a couple options. Brazell versus Lance. No one took Branch yet, for what it's worth. Oh, did I not take Branch? My apologies. Then I I'll I'll take Zach Branch here. I was talking about him in relation to De'Shawn Shribling, and then I I

completely forgot that he was still on the board. Yeah, just give me Zach Branch here. I kind of outlined it. Higher on the talent, but at the same time, very congested wide receiver core he'd be going to. Yeah, yeah. With Wilson I mean, Wilson would be a UFA, I believe, after this year, if I'm not mistaken. And Harrison, you know, there's no guarantee that he hits. I mean, he definitely could hit, and we expect him to, but it's possible that he doesn't. I'm on the board again here, looking at like kind of who I would view in this tier. I'd see Emmet Johnson going to the Broncos at 108. Early fourth round capital for him. I see Malachi Fields, who went 54th overall to the Eagles. I don't I'm not high on the prospect, but 54th overall capital is really hard to pass on. Plus, you also have AJ Brown of it all, maybe he gets traded kind of thing. Bryce Young goes to the Falcons 79th overall. Chris Brazell goes to the Colts at 78th overall. Ketron Allen, who from a talent

perspective, I would love to take here, goes to the Giants in the fifth round. >> Yeah, what what what's the point of that? What's the point of that? >> backfield there. You have Scat [ __ ] who's better version of of Ketron Allen. And then you also have Tracey, who's there as the receiving >> Even Devin Singletary, is he still there? Did he leave in free agency? Yeah, he's still there, yeah, like Uh, yeah, tough. And then Eli Rerdon would also maybe factor in here. He goes to the Broncos at pick 170 in the fifth round, who I really like as a prospect. Um, I will take the risk that that uh that Chris Brazell becomes something. I'll take Chris Brazell here at the the 304, going to the Colts. I mean, maybe Pierce moves into a more of a high volume role, and then Brazell can be Pierce, essentially. Yeah. No, I think that makes sense. Um, I'll just take Bryce Young here. I think stylistically, um, his archetype would make a ton of sense. Um, you know, you

have Kyle Pitts, you have Drake London, but I do think they need another vertical outside wide receiver. Quarterback situation a big time question mark, but at the same time, they can fix that long term. I do trust the offensive offensive situation there. Yeah, yeah. No, there's it there's yeah, it's it's the board's drying up. So, we can just go from here. Uh, let's keep it rolling. I will go with I'll take Emmet Johnson now. I think Emmet Johnson on the on the Broncos, I mean, who knows what's going to happen there. We we really don't. I think that JK Dobbins is a great player. I think that RJ Harvey, they have more invested into than Emmet Johnson in this situation, but it's an ambiguous backfield, and sometimes taking the cheapest option is sometimes the most interesting. And Dobbins is a little bit older, has a big injury history. Maybe by year two, Emmet Johnson's a big contributor. Yeah, and I'll just run to the podium because I actually didn't see

him initially on the sheet, but then when you pointed out the name, I'm like, oh [ __ ] yeah, you're right, he actually did go to this landing spot. Just give me the I Rondel Gadsden of this class with Eli Rerdon. Going to the Broncos, fifth round pick. If you do remember last year with Gadsden, also a fifth round pick. 6'6, 245 lb, can operate that middle of the field, very very good hands. Yeah, I Eli Rerdon was one of those guys we put we put on the film, we're like, yeah, if this works out, we could be talking about a Dallas Goedert light. We could be talking about when we did the tight end video. This guy's like the Walmart version of Colson Loveland, if you squint. Yeah. Yeah, no, I think he's under like, this first of all, the tight end board, as you can see here, we've taken what? Seven tight ends off the board already before the 307. Like, I think underratedly, when in doubt >> Stack class. >> like. When in doubt, just take a tight end, man, cuz I think the these

receivers and running backs, if they don't get good landing spots in this the mock goes that we have here, as it goes in the actual NFL draft, where we're like, ah, I don't love the capital of that, I don't love the landing spot of that, then maybe just take a tight end at that point, and you know, that's that's kind of what we did in some of these spots here. Um, the last couple guys that I feel like would be kind of in this tier for me would be Ketron Allen fifth round capital and Malachi Fields second round capital. I'm going to plug my nose and take Malachi Fields here, even though I don't love the prospect. I mean, the Philadelphia Eagles are a good team, good franchise, good front office. Maybe they would trade AJ Brown, and Fields can move into a physical red zone type of role across from DeVonta Smith. I don't love it, but it's 54th overall capital in the mid third round, so I'll take that. Yeah, I'll just take I mean, wait, is Chris Brazell gone?

Chris Brazell is gone, yeah. I mean, Skyler Bell to the Ravens in the fourth round is interesting. Demond Claiborne to the Chiefs is interesting. Jack Endries to the 49ers in the fourth is interesting. But yeah, I'd probably go Ketron if I was making this pick. >> I'll just go Ketron, yeah. I wasn't sure if Brazell was still on the board, but then I realized you took him, I believe, right before I took Lance. So, okay, that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, no, that makes sense. Um yeah, like I said, moving down, I would say that was maybe a tier break or so, like of guys that are like either good prospect bad landing spot {slash} capital, or bad prospect good landing spot {slash} capital. Um next is again, even more get your guy season, and one of my guys is notoriously Demond Claiborne going to the Chiefs. Play the Jerick McKinnon role, I guess. So. Yeah, no, I think that makes sense. I will be back here. I actually don't mind Jack Endries to the 49ers because George Kittle's an old

tight end coming off an Achilles tear, and I don't think much of Jake Tongues. Yeah, there's some Tongues truthers out there. I know there's some Somebody offered me Tongues in a dynasty league cuz I have Kittle, and he's coming off of an like an Achilles tear or whatever. They're like, hey, you want to send me Tongues? Send me a two for Tongues? I'm like, is that what you think of Jake Tongues right now? Send me a two for Tongues. They're like, I'd rather have Kittle, and I'm like, yeah, I'll give you a four. I'd rather I'd rather do despicable things with my Tongues. Yeah, exactly. Um, so, on the board again, Skyler Bell to the Ravens in the fourth is interesting. Seth Magowan to the Vikings. They didn't take a running back this entire draft. So, I mean, Magowan, maybe he gets on the field early. Tanner barely took a running back, Let's be perfectly clear. 235 capital. Yeah, barely took a running back. Tanner Kozial to the Bucks. I like him. I think

he's an interesting prospect. Garrett Nussmeier to the Steelers went third round. One of the only day two guys that are left on the board. Cole Payton to the Ravens, Jeff Caldwell to the Vikings. Sam Rogers to the Dolphins as well. I will take um I'll take I'll take Skylar Bell. I'll take Skylar Bell to the Ravens. I think he fits the fits the offense. I was going to take him because I do knew I did know I could take my guy a couple picks later if you didn't go with Bell. You took your guy at the 310. I'll just take my guy here at the 401 with Adam Randall. Goes to the the Cincinnati Bengals who have been rumored basically with every running back with a pulse it feels like. I do like Chase Brown a ton, but I also think there's competition behind him. And who knows, maybe they don't want to give Chase Brown the long-term extension. Adam Randall very much a work in progress. I'm not saying he's going to take over the mantle, but at the same time if they were to move off of Chase

Brown for long-term, he at least a very big checkbox. 6'3, 232 lbs. Very refined accepting contact. Like I was very surprised just how well he was able to accept contact for a guy that just started playing running back this year. And on the top of that, you do have that natural skill set as a receiver out of the backfield. He's one of my my guys and honestly I'm I'm I'm shocked that there hasn't been more buzz on him. Yeah, I think when I do the video probably early next week of like maybe shop these players before the NFL draft, I think Chase Brown's going to be in that video cuz as you made mention to you, they have met with like seven running backs this year. If you have a pulse and you run the football, they've met with you. And maybe that's just a oh, they take a sixth round running back or something, but it also, you know, would would it shock us if they took third round Jonah Coleman and threw an entire wrench into the Chase Brown situation? What Also,

what happens if Jeremiah Love falls to them at 10th overall? Are they going to pass on Jeremiah Love? Yeah, no, there's some weird situations. Again, I think Chase Brown's a very good running back, but also like the team seems interested in another running back. And I think it's mostly in a backup capacity, but like you said, is it going to be too tempting to pass on Jeremiah Love if he was there at 10th overall? I get they have defensive concerns, but let's say Bane wasn't available or Downs wasn't available. And like the best player available on defense was like Jermaine McCoy and like guys like that. Why wouldn't they take Jeremiah Love? Well, I mean, think about it. You when you have a fantasy team and someone slides to you and you're like, oh my god, this is going to scare the crap out of my opponents. Doesn't it feel good to just take that player? Like think about You already have Ja'Marr Chase, Tee Higgins, and Joe Burrow. Wouldn't it scare the crap out of

opposing defenses if you had Jeremiah Love also? [ __ ] man. Yeah, that would be. And like you said, Chase is on the final year of his rookie deal and maybe you don't want to pay him or whatever. So, yeah. Again, Chase Brown we'll talk about in depth. Eric McAllister is actually one of our highest rated prospects. He didn't go in this draft, unfortunately. So, undrafted. I mean, if he goes undrafted, you know that those those off-the-field concerns are definitely real. And that would not be good for him. I am going to grab I'll take the upside that I'll take the upside that Garrett Nussmeier can maybe find his way on the field. I was going to take him next pick. I'm not even joking here. I'll take Garrett Nussmeier here. Third round capital. Interesting. I was going to take him next pick. So, yeah, I definitely agree that he probably should hear his name off the board just based off the fact that that Steelers quarterback core is currently constructed is very barren even if Aaron

Rodgers is back. It's probably on a one term one year term. Aaron Rodgers what? 42, 43 years old at this point? He's old. He is he is old indeed. But I'm back on the clock here. You could make the case, oh well, Sam Rogers went in the top 100 to the Dolphins, but he's also a blocking tight end. Like I don't see much in terms of fantasy. I think he's a good player, but is he really somebody that's going to make a big dent in terms of a fantasy roster? Probably probably start for the Dolphins right away. Yeah, he could. Um Could go that direction. I mean, we got a couple different spots here. Caldwell goes to the Vikings. That's not bad. Burks to the Giants here. Yeah, Brennan Thompson went end of the third for the Jaguars, which doesn't make sense cuz they have a million receivers already. Um I will go I'll go I'll go De'Yon Burks here. Opportunity to be, you know, a top two, top three receiver on the Giants. That's all I'll say because his

production profile is not great. Admittedly, it's not great, but there are flashes on his film. Yeah, they lost a slot receiver in Wan'Dale. Maybe they could use him there. I mean, they draft they signed Mooney in free agency, which like seems exactly the same like if Burks hit his ceiling, he would beat Ihmir Smith-Marsette. So, that's kind of interesting. I'll take the upside of the Calvin Johnson like athlete of Jeff Caldwell here going to the Vikings. Maybe don't resign Jordan Addison long-term and he can carve out a number two role if he hits his ceiling, which is probably pretty unlikely, but maybe it happens. Hey, and hear me out. Maybe tight end eight comes off the board here and I'm all mostly being facetious because of how he was used, but after all those years of being tormented by Taysom Hill, the Bucks take their own Taysom Hill here potentially with Eli Heindrich. Yeah, I think that he'd be an interesting creative offensive mind like that. I think Zach Robinson could use

him pretty well. At the very least, he's a good special teams player. And at this point in the draft, I mean, that's probably what NFL teams are thinking like, oh, I'll use my sixth round pick on Heindrich. I can use him on special teams. Maybe sub packages, pony packages on offense. Yeah, can can line up in the slot when you need him to. Can line up in the backfield. And ultimately here, I know it's funny that we're throwing Taysom Hill. It's like, oh, Taysom Hill, whatever. Like if you told me you can get Taysom Hill at the 405 in this draft class, I would take him because of what this draft class is. Realistically, the the 405, you like the whole fourth round in general. There's going to be like one hit. Maybe two, maybe three if we're lucky. So, if you get the only hit out of the fourth round, then like that's good for you obviously. Like Tyrone Tracy and like that was like the only hit out of the fourth round in 2024. So, I'll take Sam Rogers, take the third

round capital. I'm probably going to start at some point. Yeah, makes sense. I'll go I mean, [ __ ] Like some of these landing spots are just weird. One that I forgot to put on our little sheet here is Michael Trigg went to the Cowboys in the fifth round. You could always go with him. Actually, you know what? I think I will lean that direction just based off the fact that I think they would be moving off of Ferguson in the next couple of years. Yeah. Michael Trigg, not a good testing day for him at the office, but definitely um Receiving skill set can impact the can impact the seam. Hey, guess what? Michael Michael Trigg, best trait being in the seam. What does Dak Prescott throw on, Cory? He likes throwing a seam ball. And he's good at it. Um I'll go with another upside swing here and I will take Cole Payton. If for whatever reason the Lamar Jackson situation goes haywire, which I wouldn't predict, but maybe it does cuz he wants a new contract and if he has another

injury-riddled season or something, maybe Cole Payton would have some value. At the very least, maybe he's like a quarterback handcuff because Lamar does, you know, sometimes get hurt. Yeah, no, I think that makes sense. I'm back on the clock here. Um Brennan Thompson, I believe is the only other day two player on the board right now. Yeah, with respect to him though, knowing my thoughts on [ __ ] Travis Hunter and knowing how how congested that core is, especially when you add in they also drafted a tight end. You have two tight ends of relevance. You would have four wide receivers of relevance. They took another receiver in this mock, too, if I'm not mistaken. That was Tyler Brennan Thompson. Yeah, like Dane, I love you, but like come on. Stop. Let's let's not do that. Um I'll just take Zamari Taylor here. I get it. He'd probably be the number three running back for the Patriots initially, but we'll see what they end up doing with Rhamondre Stevenson. He's almost

kind of like the anti-Trevion Henderson where it's like Henderson could be your explosive big play player, your main RB, but at the same time if you told me Zamari Taylor had to sub in for a couple games cuz Henderson was on, you know, the injury report and Zamari Taylor had a couple games with 20 touches. I thought Zamari Taylor's film was a lot better than the way he tested. Yeah, no, I don't disagree. I will take Seth McGowan because like I said, he was the only running back that they took in the in the entire mock. So, maybe he comes out I It's funny cuz I actually said in like an upside scenario, maybe Seth McGowan could be like Isiah Pacheco. And he was a seventh round pick also. So, Jordan Mims a little bit there, too, funny enough. Um Yeah, I'm back on the clock here and this team just lost their backup running back. So, although I don't, you know, have big thoughts on Keilan Ballock, I also think the Packers had the opportunity to get especially leaving

the the void that Emmanuel Wilson left behind. At this point, can we really count on MarShawn Lloyd? We cannot. Nobody can count on MarShawn Lloyd. Final Mr. Irrelevant here. Who do we want to do Mr. Irrelevant? Tanner Kozial to the Bucks. Interesting production. Ball State, really good. Houston, really solid. I could go Lew Nichols Moss as well, who went to the Colts in the seventh round, almost Mr. Irrelevant himself. I like DJ Giddens. I think ultimately he'll end up being the the early handcuff favorite there. I'll just take the third round capital of Brennan Thompson at this point. I don't know how he would become a factor. Maybe it's a special teams thing at the beginning of his career. But like, you know who it kind of reminds me of last year was like Tevion Thompson. I had no idea how he was getting on the field, but Tevion Thompson actually was one of like the better picks you could have made in the fourth round of last year's rookie class. Yeah, no, he definitely

had some relevance especially I mean, even in the the regular or the I almost said the regular season. portion of the season like October, November, he was usable for fantasy. I was trying to say even in the the redraft season like he was a waiver wire target. He was a flexible option for what? Like a four week stretch between week nine and 13 it felt like. Yeah, yeah, and like he had a couple when we were watching the Blue Jays game game seven against the Mariners, he was like literally one of the best plays of the week that week. He scored two touchdowns I think against the Lions in that game. And that was the week I went up into my fantasy match up on Monday night up by like .3 and I needed Jameson Jameson Williams to be pretty much shut out and he had zero that game. Yeah, that was insane that that actually happened to you. I got locked down defense, you know. This was a good exercise. Like let me just put it this way. We can do these mocks, these seven-round mocks from fantasy analysts

where like the all the good landing spots get taken up by all the good prospects, but this was a hard exercise. >> grueler. And like this is this is probably what's going to happen. Let's be honest here. Like it's probably we're going to see some dumbass franchise take Malachi Fields over Jacoby Lane, over Zachariah Branch, over A. Criswell, over all of the prospects that we probably view as better players. So, that is something that we're going to need to practice for and I do think you're going to start to see where like the tier breaks align. I do think those of you guys that have late second-round picks, man, if you need production, like don't be afraid to send those for competitive assets because I ultimately think that in the mid to late third round, it's not going to be that different of players. There's almost as many tight ends in this mock as there are running backs. That should give you guys a clue for what this class is. Yeah, no, exactly.

And if you guys have like I think it's probably worthwhile to stack up on third and fourth-round rookie picks and probably worthwhile also to either trade up from your late second-rounders or maybe just sell them for veteran players. Like if you could sell the 208 right now for Tyler Allgeier and just lock in a pretty decent productive running back, I would probably do it. If you could sell the 212 for Chuba Hubbard right now and and just maybe get a early producer at the beginning of the season, might not be the worst thing. If in your rookie draft on the board at 211, somebody offers you the 306 and the 312, I'd probably take it because you're probably taking similar caliber prospects at that point in time and at least you get two bites at the apple. So, um that is the seven-round rookie mock or seven-round NFL mock of Dane Brugler. If you want to check it out, it'll be linked down below in the description. The four-round mock, the mock that we did here, superflex, half tight end

premium. Um yeah, if you guys enjoyed, leave a like down below, subscribe to the channel if you're new. What picks do you agree with? What picks do you not agree with? If you want film breakdowns, prospect breakdowns on all of the prospects pretty much that went in this draft, you can see an example here. Jadarian Price, you can watch his prospect video by clicking on the play button. You can see strengths, weaknesses, projected draft capital, uh our traits, our grades, our pro comparisons, potential fits, everything you could see from the prospect model there. Everything you guys need to know on the top 50 or so prospects in this draft and of course a film breakdown on the top 50 prospects, 1,000-plus hours of unseen FSC footage that you guys can check out over in the draft guide. Promo code FSC on flockfantasy.com to get access to it. That'll be linked down below in the pinned comment. But, with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon. Do you need me to help me out? Do you need

me to help me out? Do you need me to help me out? Do you need me to help me out? Do you need me to help me out? Do you need me to help me out? Do you need me to help me out? Do you need me to help me out? Do you need me to help me out? Do you need me to help me
