We are just 48 hours away from the NFL draft and we thought we'd give you guys a good kind of let's wrap this all up in a bow the last three four months and bring you guys our my guys. So the definition that we're using loosely is just players that we're higher on. They could be players that are going early could be players that are going late that we think are good sleepers. Just five guys that we're pounding the table for. Guys that we're probably going to end up with a lot of in rookie drafts regardless of what happens in the draft. Wherever they go, we'll probably be a little higher on them than their actual ADP in rookie drafts ends up being. Danny, do you want to get us kicked off with the first kind of my guy that we have? We each have five for a total of 10 in this video. >> Yeah, and this one I would say is probably a shared my guy realistically amongst us, but our clear, you know, top three running back in the class, especially considering what we've seen

from the NFL media perspective mocking this guy on day three. I don't understand the pessimism with Jonah Coleman. Like, yeah, maybe is he a little bit slower than you'd want? You want him to be kind of, you know, a 449 a 453 back. He's probably more of a low four type of guy if he tested. Sure. But he does everything well. You need him to catch the ball to the back field, he'll be able to do it with these. You need him to step up in pass protection. I saw that time and time again both at Arizona and Washington. He's able to do that. And in terms of the after contact numbers, man, he is one of the best in this class. So realistically, the only concern I have at this point, just how the NFL values him. is when I'm looking at this profile, it's not too dissimilar to what we said with Cam Scataboo last year. He's tied for an RB2 in the class with Jarian Price. And I feel like the sentiment on him with the media, like I said, is a lot lower than that. I've

seen people have them RB 6, RB7, RB8, RB10 in the class. And to me, that's just blasphemous. >> Yeah. I mean, he's in a pretty illustrious group. If he does go in the third round, which is kind of about where we're expecting, maybe he goes into round four. Either way, he's after pick 64. the la the top 10 running backs in our prospect model to be selected after the second round. So third round or later, Alvin Chimera number one, Jonah Coleman currently number two with projected 97th overall draft capital. Daryl Henderson number three, Cam Scataboo number four, unfortunately Caleb Johnson number five, Antonio Gibson number six, Bashalt number seven, Trey Benson number eight, Rashad White number nine, Devon Achan number 10, and David Montgomery also uh number 11 just outside the top 10. So, I mean, it's a pretty good group of non first two round selected running backs. Like, those are some of the best non-first two round running backs that have been in the last

couple of draft classes. So, for me, yeah, Coleman, >> he's got the size, he's got the frame, he's got the receiving production, the receiving ability, and he also, you know, a lot of I think he has a lot of things that NFL teams will cover. He has good patience, good vision, knows how to follow his blocks, talked about at his combine podium session that he's going to protect his 100,200, $300 million quarterback, whatever team he goes to. So, I think that eventually people are going to realize that, yeah, speed's a little bit overrated and if it's not at the NFL draft and he falls to round five, it'll be during Jonah Coleman and Cam Scataboo's career when they keep proving wrong that like you just need to be baseline fast enough. If you run 458, 462, 463, and you have all the other stuff combined, you can be a great running back in the NFL. So, for most people, Jonah Coleman is, let's say, the 112 to 204 probably, I would imagine. for me right now like he's my 107 in my

rankings just based on pure FSE prospect model grade. He is clearly the RB2 in this class and clearly right there with like a Kenyon Sadi as the first guy that should come off the board after those top five consensus. >> Yeah. And I get it like he's not going to rip off 50 yard splash plays, 60 yard splash plays with frequent ease, but at the same time you look after the uh you look at the after contact numbers 2023 5.09 yards after contact per attempt. 4.34 in 2024. It did fall a little bit in 2025. I think that was due to a combination of factors. Washington offensive line incredibly weaker this year. Jonah Coleman himself dealing with some injuries. You can kind of see it at the midpoint of the year when the injuries started piling up. And he also makes people miss, man. 32.2% of his career touches he made it a defender miss on and only Jeremiah Love was actually better in the prospect model. That ranked 90th percentile. >> Yeah. And when you look at the guys that like the consensus board was higher on,

it's like basically just a list of Alvin Chimera, Daryl Henderson, Cam Scataboo, and Devon Achan that went in that territory. Like most most consensus boards do think Jonah Coleman should be closer to like a third round pick or whatever. So if he does go in the fourth round or the fifth round or something, he's going to end up being a huge value. Again, he's a my guy for you and for me even honestly for the sole reason that like wherever he goes, he's going to be somebody that we have a lot of roster exposure to because whether it's 203 is his ADP, we'll probably have him ranked at 2011. If it's 107 is his ADP, we'll probably have him there and be willing to select him. If it's 209 that's his ADP, we'll probably have him a couple picks ahead of that as well. >> I'm just grateful to be on the OG Jonah Coleman Stanhood from way back when he actually transferred from Arizona. I remember that summer scouting video. he's end up developing into a

full-fledged three down back in these last two years. >> Yeah, like having a 90th percentile miss tackles force rate and a 90th percentile elusive rating tells you all you should need to know about what kind of ceiling the guy has too because he does have that David Montgomery, James Connor, Le'Veon Bell quality of making people miss despite not having excellent straight line speed. So, yeah, he was my guy number one for you. My guy number one for me is another guy that um little theme to this uh these first two guys is guys that did not test super well or are not exceptional athletes. Elijah Serat, wide receiver from the University of Indiana. Another theme is both of these two first guys are just extremely productive wherever they went because Sarat started at St. Thomas, goes to James Madison, then finally two years at Indiana. He was dominant in the red zone. He has a veteran mentality, really strong hands, and his profile is so so developed in that he was just productive

everywhere he went. When you look at some of his numbers and why I think he can be one of the better receivers in this class for fantasy, again, you want to talk about, oh, this guy's going to be a better deep threat in the NFL, like a Chris Purcell or something like that, fair. But what we look for for fantasy, the signals for fantasy, 96 percentile, best season contested catch rate of 78.9%, career contested catch rate in the 88th percentile. Then you factor in 2.5 plus yards per row run the last two seasons and you look at just the the little stuff that he does, the smarts, the football IQ, the toughness, the physicality after the catch. You have written in here, he probably watched a lot of Keenan Allen growing up, which is totally exactly accurate where yes, there's a little bit of that Keenan Allen St. Brown quality where, and I've heard Matt Harmon say this, too, where you put him in a big slot. He beat zone coverage at an 82nd percentile rate, which only Jordan Tyson was better in

this class against zone. >> Yeah. And with Elijah Sarat, the toughness, the ruggedness, the ability, like you said, to come down with those catches in traffic, to not be phased about physicality around him. Like, sure, he's not the prettiest prospect when you put him up next to, you know, Jordan Tyson running tick tock routes at his pro day or Carnell Tate separating from DBs at the break point as smoothly as he does. Like, it's not as flashy as a lot of the best wide receivers in this class. And I don't think he's on those guys tier, like don't get me wrong. But at the same time, people have kind of taken the extreme with Serat where it's like, "Oh, he's such a bad functional athlete. He actually tested better than people thought. Oh, he's such a bad separator. Well, his separation against zone was actually very strong." People kind of have made this narrative on Serat that he's a fine supporting caliber player. When to me, this is a

number two or number three NFL wide receiver, and in the right situation, you could get a 1B wide receiver and you could develop into a potential thousand-y guy. Like my comp was Tyler Boyd on the 50th percentile. But there is a world where this is Keenan Allen and you got him in the mid to late second round of your rookie draft. >> Yeah, man. The top 10 fantasy receivers last year, more than half of them ran slower than Elijah Surat did at his proday at 453. Puka Nakua ran slower than that. Jackson Smith and Jigba didn't run but probably would have run slower than that or at least around that range. Ammonra St. Brown ran 457 if I'm not mistaken. Rasheed Rice didn't run very fast. >> 452. >> Yeah. Drake London didn't run at all, but probably wouldn't have ran that fast either. Devonte Adams, not a fast guy. CD Lamb ran what? 45? >> 452. >> Yeah, there this is not this is not a everybody has to be Jamar Chase or Nico Collins to be a good receiver. Like

there are plenty of receivers currently dominating fantasy football that are just big slot PPR soak up all the targets type of guys, including three of the top four receivers in fantasy this year. Puka, JSN, and Amanra St. Brown. >> Sorry, the unofficial might have been four or five. It was actually officially, you're right, 450 for CD Lamb. But regardless, you don't need to blaze a 4-37 to be a productive NFL wide receiver. We'll tell you that for free. >> Yeah. And especially when you have 64% of your career touchdowns in the red zone and you lead this entire class with like 28 career red zone touchdowns. When you can get in the big slot role, which I think he will, I'm hoping he will at least. Let's get him to the Patriots. Let's get him to the Raiders with his quarterback Fernando Mendoza. Let's get him to a team that has an open big slot PPR kind of target magnet type of role. I do think he can be extremely productive in the NFL. And I I don't

rule out a Rasheed Rice Keenan Allen range of outcomes for Elijah Sat. That is why he's a my guy. A lot of people are thinking probably along the lines of the comps that we have like maybe best case scenario he's Michael Wilson, maybe best case scenario he's Tyler Boyd. I do think that uh like you even see in the prospect model the ceiling comp there being Chris Godwin. I think that's also within the range of outcomes as far as the type of production he could see. Better for fantasy than he probably is for real life, but that's what we're scouting for. We don't I don't care if he's a better real life subjective receiver than what, you know, 110 catches would make him in fantasy. >> Well, I feel like people kind of hold it against him like, oh, like you got you have Omar Cooper graded higher this year. Oh, Charlie Becker might end up being higher graded in the NFL circles next year. I feel like people use that against SRA kind of like when they use

the anti-Tate argument as oh he was the number two wide receiver behind Jeremiah Spence. >> I guess that wasn't true for SRA. He was the best receiver on that team. >> But like I guess in terms of like NFL prospect they would make that argument. But like even so like they were the national [ __ ] champion. Of course they're a talented team. Of course they have three wide receivers that are going to be going in the top 60 of the NFL draft. Like that's why they won. That's why they beat >> Ohio had more production than both of those other two guys combined pretty much. So, let's get into your second receiver who is more the toolsy. Um, let's get the upside. I like I said, Nico Collins's name like I think on the high end. That's probably what you'd be getting out of Ted Hurst. >> Man, he is so much fun and obviously the elephant in the room here. Yeah, he played at a small school. I understand it. Uh, but at the same time, we were

still able to, you know, watch him against Vanderbilt, you know, watch him against Memphis, watch him play, you know, legitimate FBS competition. This isn't a guy that went to Alabama, so we can't really speak on, you know, consistent day in dayout or production against high-end competition. But when you plug in Ted Hurst, man, you see an underrated technician. I really thought three levels he was able to separate very well. And he is a springy athlete. If you squint, you see a small school George Pickkins. My conference was Michael Gallop. I saw a lot of similarities to Gallop when he was at Colorado State. the ability to high point the football to be able to st extend out of his frame to be able to line up on the boundary come down like I said all three levels of the field curl routes drag routes [ __ ] post routes it didn't matter Ted Hurst was able to separate now people are going to be talking about him as well where should he go in this wide receiver class I feel like the narrative is kind of land going

to land on the 12 to 15 area to me I see a legitimate top 75 talent I had a 78.0 know grade on him in terms of where he fully excels. I think he'll initially come in like we have for example your comp was Tory Horden. I think he'll probably initially come in as a you know number two number three field stretcher in his role but I do think like again I mentioned Gallop I mentioned Pickkins in terms of development. I also think for example if he went to Washington and he was the hair apparent to Terry McLaren that would also be the perfect fit for him. So with Ted Hurst, he's a guy that I'd be comfortable spending, you know, a mid-second round type of rookie pick on, assuming he goes, you know, in the right spot. He doesn't fall to like the sixth round. But I do think the NFL knows and is sharp enough to understand that this guy should be a day two pick. And assuming that's the case, I am going to be fully on board regardless of where his ADB is. >> Yeah. I mean, you got an 89th percentile

contested catch rate for your career at 61.1%. 98.0 and 99.0 PFF receiving grades the last two seasons on 20 plus yard targets. His downfield ability is definitely something that's going to get him on the field right away. And as far as like beating zone coverage, which I would say usually for a small school receiver is going to be a bit of an adjustment for him at the NFL level because coverages are disguised and all that kind of stuff. In the country this year, only Mai Lemon, Chris Purcell, Omar Cooper, and Skyler Bell average more yards per run versus zone coverage than Ted Hurst did. So again, it's small school level competition. There's a couple of free releases here and there. There's going to be opportunities where he can out athlete people. You can definitely see it on his tape. But as a developmental player, by midway through his year 1, end of year 1, early year two, if you see signs on a player like this, the the ceiling truly is upwards of, you know, a Nico Collins or a George

Pickkins athletically. And in this class, honestly, like we could talk about, you know, the safer play options, the Jeremy Bernard of the world, you know, guys like that that you can just get on base with. Ted Hurst is easily one of my favorite swings cuz, yeah, we don't know how it's going to end up looking. It was small school competition. There could be a very big mental learning curve when we are this springy of an athlete, this natural of a frame, this ideal NFL role particularly. I mean, I mentioned Michael Gallop. I think Michael Gallop if you turn into a 1300 yard wide receiver at any point in your career would be high praise for Ted Hurst. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's funny you mentioned like in this class sometimes you go for the safe option like a Jeremy Bernard, sometimes you go for the ceiling option. my first two guys and the guy that I'm the first guy that I talked about, Elijah Surrod and one of the guys I'll talk about later. Um, they're more of your safe options, get on base type of

rookie picks. This next guy is one of my favorite swings to take as far as if he develops, I do believe he can be a high ceiling fantasy player. Jacobe Lane, wide receiver from the University of Southern California. He checks a lot of boxes for me. He's got size. He's got length. He's really physical. Excellent contested catches. Just one of truly the best highlight reels you're going to see as far as what he can do with his hands at the top of his route and going outside of his frame. He's a really good contested catch receiver. He had 12 receiving touchdowns his true sophomore season as I've talked about on the same field as Mai Lemon, Zachariah Branch, Deuce Robinson who will be a top receiver in next year's class, and Woody Marks was the second leading targeter on the team at running back. So, Jacobe Lane's produced among NFL competition before. The cons, and definitely I had to lower his grade a little bit since this point. Uh, it says 80.0 on the screen. He's now a 77.0 for me because

Matt Harmon's reception perception was not a fan. Um, he did not separate well versus man coverage, did not separate well versus press coverage. Even against zone coverage, you're going to see a little bit of like hoppiness to his routes. He doesn't run through the ball as much when he's catching it in space. he's kind of jumping up to catch it and stuff. With the right coaching, I think that this could be a player that turns into on a really really high end range of outcomes T. Higgins, but let's say more so your Michael Gallop downfield outside wide receiver Courtland Sutton if he adds a little bit of size, something like that. Whereas on the low end, yes, could he be Terrace Marshall or Pat Bryant or something like that? >> Yes, he could be. Seth Williams, another name that comes to mind as like an analytics guy that didn't really hit in the NFL. I worry about the floor. Legitimately, I worry about the floor, but I do see what the ceiling could be if he develops as a route runner. That's

his biggest problem right now. >> I'm definitely on the same page with you there. Um the comp that a lot of people are going to throw out just because of the recency bias of it is they're going to be like, "Oh shoot, like this guy reminds me a lot of Keon Coleman. Keon Coleman had a lot of the same issues and obviously there is like some merit there. Like Keon Coleman was a big wide receiver, was a raw wide receiver, didn't fully develop that part portion of his game. is more known for being nicknamed cookies than he is anything that he's actually been doing in his NFL career at this point. Hopefully that's not the route that Jacobe Lane goes down, but ultimately, like you said, you can't teach his catch point excellence. Yeah, sure. The metrics don't show it most of the time. Like, we can only give him, you know, a partial grade uh in terms of his hands simply off the fact that the contested catch rate isn't exactly where he wanted it to be. But

you turn on the tape, even if he's not coming down with 86% of his contested catches like Carnell Tate is, the ones that he's winning, man, are absolutely 10% likelihood scenarios. He's extending over defenders. He is reaching up at the absolute apex. And that's what you get from a 6'4 wide receiver with long arms. >> Yeah, dude. Like a a 41% dominator rating as a sophomore on the same field with those guys from a touchdown share perspective is at age 20 is a 95th percentile number. again with no context of the caliber of receivers that he was playing with. So again, I I just see a guy that does check a lot of boxes. And in the pre-draft process, he ran a 447, which is faster than I thought he was going to run. I thought, you know, Keon ran I think a 458 or something like that. I thought he would have been more so in the mid45s. His speed score was good. His burst score was good. His R score is good. Um people liked his gauntlet drill and all that kind of stuff. I think that as long as he gets

day two capital, I'm going to be really in on him in the early to mid-second round. If he goes day three, let's say he goes round four, round five or something, I'm still going to be in on him. He's still a my guy. I'm still going to take him ahead of ADP, but I'll probably have to move him more to like the mid to late second round, maybe early third depending on his landing spot. What I would love to see personally is him to go to a team that already has an established number one where he could develop into like a future number one. Like you mentioned the Washington Commanders, for example, as a team that could use an outside receiver alongside Terry McLaren, that would be a good fit for him. You think of a team like the Philadelphia Eagles, if they trade away AJ Brown, he could be a good number two alongside Devonte Smith. The Tennessee Titans have some guys like Calvin Ridley and Well Robinson, I think he'd be a good fit there. Maybe even um a team like the

Bills could use him as an outside receiver long term as well. Or the Patriots even. >> Yeah. >> Could use him as an outside receiver. He has a lot of good fits. He's a He's one of the few true outside receivers in this class. >> Yeah. Uh so I actually uh you mentioned in terms of the grade once I factor in uh the reception perception not really looking too good. Um I factored that in in his route running dropped it from 11 to nine. 75.0 would end up being I believe my wide receiver 14 in the class tied with two other players including one we're about to talk about. >> Yeah. And even after lowering his grade I still have him wide receiver eight because I did have him quite a bit higher than your Chris Bells and your Jeremy Bernards of the world. But now he's like kind of right in the mix of those guys. And I would imagine because those guys are probably going higher than him in the NFL draft, I probably will prefer them postdraft, but just from a pure talent evaluation

standpoint, I did I did like the range of outcomes for Jacobe Lane just a little bit better. Um, but yeah, let's move into the next guy that we have here. Um, you have kind of a ceiling swing and I have more of a floor play. Actually, ironically, they're both from the same school. Um, a team that really underperformed this year, the Clemson Tigers. But you have former wide receiver, running back convert Adam Randall here. Dude, he is so much fun. Um, let me just outline it for you. First year playing running back this year. 6 foot three, 235 lb fry. Uh, 35 lb size, not fries. Sorry, apologies. Although he might be eating a lot of fries at 235 pounds, who knows? All jokes aside though, this guy is a chiseled freak of nature. And I was very high on Tyron Tracy. He was a converted wide receiver turned running back. Obviously with Randall, the instincts, the overall, I would say, experience of playing running back shows up in his tape at this point, unfortunately. Doesn't really make the best decisions.

I would say the pass protection is going to need a ton of work. Obviously, the production profile wasn't there, but the athleticism was there. The receiving ability obviously was there, especially as a versatile receiver. The alignment, the ability to run routes down the field showed up on film this year, and the contact numbers were so good. Like I saw a guy that when he was in space had those natur had had the natural ability to shed contact with ease, had the natural ability to string ball carrier moves together. Like I'm looking at Adam Randall and I'm seeing a tough physical freak of nature that an NFL coach is going to be be able to develop into one of the best running backs in this class. He's my RB6. And honestly, when I'm looking in the early day three portion, the round four, round five portion, when we get into the range of, you know, like the Seth McGawans of the world, the um you look even further, maybe like you >> Moss, Jamari Taylor, Jamar, when I'm

looking at some of those names, it's like, yeah, I like some of their films, but when I'm looking at Adam Randall, 451 official speed at that frame with the receiving ability he does, who's going to be able to make an NFL coach say, "Hey, that's my potential future franchise running back, him or Jamari Like I'm looking at it from the frame of mind like if you're going to be selected on day three, what will you have to do to impress a coaching staff enough to give you a featured back workload? And to me, Adam Randall is the guy that I want to be taking the shot on because I trust the NFL coaching staff to be able to get the best out of them. I we'll talk about with Clemson in a second. They didn't do the greatest job of getting a lot out of their offense this year, but I thought their one bright spot was Randall considering the context of the fact that he never played running back. >> Yeah, man. At 232 lbs, running a 450 is no joke. That's 95th percentile speed

score. That's like almost Derrick Henry level's weight adjusted speed. Like really, really good. He's not like the burstiest running back in the world because of his size. Like his 10 yard split and his 20 yard split are pretty average, but once he gets ahead of steam going, he's difficult to bring down in space because he's a big dude. And again, normally you'd see, okay, like an AJ Dylan or a Raheem Sanders or somebody like that, they don't have experience playing receiver like he did for three years. So, the route tree is a lot more developed for a running back than it normally would be, which is exactly what we said about Tyron Tracy, or specifically what you said, who was higher on Tracy. The nice thing about Randall is unlike Tracy, Tracy was almost 24 years old coming out of school, Randall is actually a true senior, so he's a little bit more um less experienced and there's a little bit more meat on the bone for him to actually develop. >> Yeah. In terms of some of the metrics, I

just wanted to pull up so you guys can see just how good he was at breaking contact. Like there are running backs in this class who've been playing two three years of a true workload. Randall in his first year 83.3 PFF rushing grade, 3.13 yards after contact per attempt, 32 missed tackles forced on 168 carries. He ended up getting 168 carries for 809 yards and 10 touchdowns and like we said with the receiving production, over 40 receptions like or over 40 targets. Let me clarify. I'm looking at this all-around production. I'm seeing not only is he going to stick with an NFL team, if he gets the opportunity, he could be a guy that we're talking about as one of the biggest waiver pickups in the year. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, exactly. And again, Adam Randall fits the description more of a sleeper than a my guy. But again, wherever he goes, let's say he's a consensus fourth round rookie pick. You're probably going to rank him in the third round. That's that's probably

what's going to end up happening. So, wherever he ends up going is is, you know, essentially you're going to just be higher on than most other people, which is why he's my guy, a guy that you're going to pound the table for, a guy you're going to end up with a lot of in Dynasty rookie drafts. Um, if I draft some riskier players, let's say earlier in my rookie draft, I might be looking to hit a nice double off the wall with Antonio Williams because, um, again, another Clemson Tiger who underperformed in 2025. He's a shifty receiver, great physicality for his size, really great athlete, too. like 441 speed at he came in a little bigger than I thought he was going to as well at at 6' 187 lbs. His speed score is pretty solid. His burst score is very solid. His agility score was pretty solid. He has really solid hands. I liked his ability against zone coverage. The only problem is that he is, you know, maybe a slot receiver projection. He had some hamstring issues

in 2025 and also too that 2025 season was a big time decline in production which could affect his draft capital. But the thing I actually like about Antonio Williams that I don't think a lot of people are talking about is athletically he's not all that far off from Lad Mani as a receiver. Like he's same speed, same size. Garrett Wilson, Chris Ave about the same size and speed as well. It's not like he's guaranteed to be a slot receiver. Like yes, that's probably what NFL teams are going to think of him, but I do think like a 40% slot role more so than 100% of the time he's in the slot might be within his range of outcomes. And if again if he lands in a good spot the way that Lad Manki did going to the Chargers etc. Maybe Antonio Williams goes to the Patriots alongside Romeo Dobs and AJ Brown and he can develop for a couple years and then take over the number two receiver job long term. Or maybe he goes to the Bills alongside some of those guys. Or maybe he goes to the Eagles to

replace AJ Brown and and him and Wix and Smith are the new receiver core. >> The old me would probably have Antonio Williams even higher than I do. Like he's technically my wide receiver 16. I have like a similar grade to you, but um I had to like hold myself a little bit cuz 2024 a lot better than 2025. And I've kind of just been getting burned by this archetype. Like I think he could play on the outside, but it really only matters if the NFL thinks he's going to be on the outside. And you know, as good as I think a guy like Josh DS is, as good as I think a guy like Khalil Shakir is, if they can't play, like you said, 40% of their snaps in line threatened for 80 85 plus% of the routes. Unfortunately, it's a very very fine-t uh range of outcomes in order to be very fantasy relevant. I think Antonio Williams all the talent in the world. I actually do want to bet on this guy in the round three portion of my drafts if he's kind of being valued, kind of being

slept on, but at the same time, I have to understand like there is ways this goes wrong. >> I guess my push back on that would be what is really the difference between him and Casey Conpsion, who's your wide receiver for? >> Um I I think the ability on the outside is far more developed. Sure, but like usage wise, they're almost the exact same size, almost the exact same usage in college. >> Sure. Um, again, it was a lot more of the issues that I saw flare up in 2025. His 2024 game, especially against George, admittedly, was better, but with Casey Conpsion, like I see it on all three levels. I see a different level of toughness. Personally, I know you mentioned that with with Antonio Williams, I think Casey Conpsion, especially after the catch, was a tougher player. Although maybe that was because he was dealing with his injuries. like there's context was the season in which you played mostly on the outside in 2024. >> Well, I I also think the outside snap

numbers at the collegiate level are a little bit of of misrepresentation considering like Brennan Thompson was a mainly outside wide receiver. The one that I keep pointing to the NFL, Calvin Austin was like a 90% outside receiver in college, became a complete slot only player when he got to the NFL. Like even though we think these guys can play 70% of their snaps on the outside, like unfortunately there's just kind of the narrative in the NFL like when they get there they see a slender wide receiver, they think, "Oh, I he can't stand physical press coverage." You know what I mean? >> Yeah. I I I guess my point is if people have concerns with Antonio Williams, they should have them with Casey Conpsion as well because both guys career-wise are like 75% slot players in their college careers. And Antonio Williams, like I said, by far his best season, 98 yards, 11 touchdowns, 100 targets. In 2024, he was only in the slot 58% of the time. >> Yeah. No, again, I I'm more on the page

with you. I'm just saying like why the NFL might be lower on him comparatively because in most situations in the past, he realistically would be a top 50 pick. I just don't know with how the NFL is gearing if they're going to make him that high of a pick anymore. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, that's definitely fair. Um, let's talk about the last like receiver running back that we're going to talk about in this video here. You have uh Bryce Lance from North Dakota State who >> very similar to Ted Hurst. You got small school production. You got excellent athleticism, very good size, little bit older like Ted Hurst, what 21.8 years old. Bryce Lance 24.6 years old. So, you got a lot more age under the belt of Bryce Lance. But, um I'll let you talk about why you're willing to take the swing on him. >> Yeah. Um very simple. He is an NFL 100th percentile athlete, which usually you're not able to say for a lot of guys. 6'3, 204 lbs. You obviously see the 434

speed. Very similar physical profile to Christian Watson when he was coming out. And it's easy when you watch both of them side by side to say, "Oh my god, like this looks like it could be Christian Watson 2.0." Because of that ceiling, I do rank him at wide receiver 13 cuz I'm a swing for the fences guy at wide receiver once I get to this range in the class. But I do understand the concerns. This is a 25-year-old prospect. Didn't really produce until the last couple years. But when he did produce, he got 2200 yards and 25 touchdowns in that stretch. >> Yeah. Like this class is so interesting when you really think about it because it really is a battle of what matters for fantasy. >> I have the beholder. >> The the and well not only that, but like think about people are going to swing on your Chris Bells, your Chris Pcels, your Bryce Lances of the world, your Jeff Caldwells of the world who are really athletic. But then when we actually look at what translates for fantasy, it is

more Elijah Serat and Antonio Williams types that are like route runners and guys that can um that can win against zone coverage and stuff. So I I I think it's going to be a very fascinating outcome this year to see what players hit from this class because if we look back on this class and we're like, "Oh, it was Mai Lemon, it was Elijah Serat, it was Jeremy Bernard, it was all the route runner types who were good against zone coverage and none of like the Chris Purcels Bryce Lance has hit." It's like maybe we should stop chasing after the ceiling that we think these super high-end athletes have. But again, Bryce Lance was very productive this year, which is really good. He dominated production-wise 2024 and 2025. The issue, like you said, is that he is going to need some time to develop and he also is age 25 as a rookie. So, if he was 21 years old and he needed time to develop, I would like him a lot more. >> Yeah. And obviously, that's going to be a con going against him here. Um, I

guess from a macro perspective, I also just think the NFL is gearing away more so from the, you know, the 11 personnel, quick grip routes, [ __ ] those 59, 510, 511 focal points. I think it's going towards the heavier personnel because we're seeing, for example, a team like the Seattle Seahawks, you get a nickel corner that is, you know, or I guess nickel safety if you call him and worry like his natural base position. You got a nickel like Nick Evan Wari who's 6 foot three 200 plus pounds as athletic as he is you're not going to want another small wide receiver on the film or on the field most likely you're going to want to shift towards more 12 personnel you're going to want to shift towards more I mean we'll talk about it with some of the tight ends in this class more two tight end type of basings. I think that's just a natural transition of where the NFL is going where we're going to see a lot less smaller wide receivers operating in the slot. We're going to see a lot more F

tight ends playing that spot. >> Yeah. Yeah, I guess like I said, just the weird thing is like Puka, JSN, St. Brown, Alave, um Z Flowers, those are like five of the top 12 receivers in fantasy this year. They're not your prototypical 6'4 outside wide receiver. So, it's it's definitely a different dynamic than it was before. And ultimately, it's all going to come down to landing spot. Like if Bryce Lance goes to a situation where he gets to play with like a big armed push it down the field quarterback who allows him to work downfield and he can have like a Christian Watson like season like Jordan Love does for Christian Watson like last year he could end up being you know somebody that really really hits because Christian Watson was wide receiver 16 in points per game last season. >> Can I interest you with the Buffalo Bills? >> Yeah, Buffalo would be a great landing spot for him. I think him and Hurst both would would be really really good fits for Buffalo. So yeah, again, this this

receiver C or this receiver class is not just as simple as saying, hey, these are the best 15, 20, 25 receivers in the class. You also got to factor in once they get picked, what role are they going to play? And does that is that conducive to fantasy relevance? Is that conducive to a lot of targets? Because if Bryce Lance goes to the Cowboys in the fourth round, is he going to have a lot of fantasy relevance or is he going to be a once in a while he catches a big long touchdown or something like probably more likely the latter because it's like he would also be fighting for a wide receiver three role in >> which is why I'm like if Lance goes to the Raiders maybe and he's like a second round pick then they might be viewing him as more than just uh you know a downfield guy. >> He's really fascinating because ultimately he's the type of guy that I think the right team that picks him is going to be a team that falls in love with them. >> Yeah. Yeah. Again, very similar to Lane,

very similar to Hurst even too. Yep. These are guys that are probably lowf flooror type of prospects, but if you love them, take the swing on them. For us, like I love Jacobe Lane, even though he's a low floor prospect. You love Ted Hurst, Bryce Lance, even though they're probably lower floor prospects as well. At least for fantasy, not necessarily from the NFL. I think they'd stick around in the league a while. Just for fantasy, I could very easily see Bryce Lance with like 8.6 career fantasy points per game in his first five seasons. >> For sure. And I mean going to your guy as well, um I mentioned the point of the NFL evaluating more of the receiving tight ends, two tight end personnel looks more, especially with the success of a guy like Harold Fannon and success of a guy like Aronda Gatson. Guy that both of us were really shocked by how much we liked was Justin Jolie. And I'll let you take the floor here. >> Yeah, I loved Justin Jolie, man. I again I want to just focus in and simplify the

tight end position sometimes where the tight end position truly is the easiest to scout for fantasy football. Like by far quarterbacks by far the hardest, wide receivers second hardest, running backs are pretty easy because of situational and volume and all that stuff. Tight ends are by far the easiest position to scout for fantasy in my opinion because if you get a guy like Justin Jolie who has the big slot archetype, the PPR upside absolutely magnetic hands. Like his contested catch rate percentiles are absurd. 68% contested catch rate in his career. an absurd 20 to out of 28 opportunities as a member of NC State after transferring in from Yukon. And he I I've talked about this before when you see Coulson Lovelin and Brock Bowers being the only other tight ends since 2016 to score above a 20% dominator rating their first three seasons while on the same field as NFL wide receivers like a Casey Conpsion with Justin Jolie had to deal with. That is really rare company. the yards after

catchability, the analytical profile. 89th percentile analytics grade in the prospect model. Yes, doesn't have necessarily the level of athleticism that like some of the other tight ends in this class like an Oscar Delp or something has who we're going to talk about in a second. Yeah. Um but had he ran like 464 or something like that. I mean the train the hype train would be out of the station for me because >> ultimately you get Justin Jolie with second or third round draft capital in a situation where he can carve out a starting tight end 80% of the routes type of role. Whether that's as a starting tight end by the traditional sense of the word where he's on the field 90% of the snaps, I don't care. I just need him on the field for the routes. If they have him on the same field as Kate Dotton in Tampa Bay, but he's running all the routes, then that's a good thing. I literally don't care if Justin Jolie is on the field blocking. He just needs to be a good enough

blocker, a good enough inline option to make the rotation the way that Aronda Gadson and Harold Fannon did last year. So, um, ultimately I want this guy to be a big slot for somebody. So, whatever team needs a slot receiver, if they draft draft Justin Jolie to go along with their blocking tight end, like the Carolina Panthers, for example, could use like a um a slot receiver to go along with some of the blocking tight ends that they have, I'd be all in a guy like Jolie. >> Yeah. Um, funny enough, like a perfect combo, like let's just say an NFL team this off season wants to completely remake their tight end room. Draft Justin Jolie and then draft Sam Roo and just compare them together. Like, run Sam Roo in line. He could be your physical blocker, 270 pounds. He's very good at that. Like, I'll give him credit. And then you have Justin Jolie playing that F tight end role. Like, I think you can remake your tight end core in one off seasonason. >> You want to upgrade an offense that's

already got a lot of great weapons? How about we take TJ Hawinson and trade him on day three of the NFL draft and pair Justin Jolie with Josh Oliver who's a true blocking tight end in Minnesota. Like, that would be an awesome fit for me as well. Like, I just that's the He's going to take a specific scheme. He's going to take a specific coach. It It's going to matter. Maybe the Atlanta Falcons, who Kevin Stfansky just coached Harold Fannon, just drafted Harold Fannon. Maybe they don't want to sign Kyle Pittz beyond this year. They just want to let him play out his franchise tag and walk. I've also heard Kyle Pittz floated out in trade discussions as well. What if the Falcons take Justin Jolie in the third round or whatever and let him develop behind Kyle Pitts and then year two, he's the starting tight end there. Again, it's going to be very fit dependent. It's going to be very scheme dependent. But I do love love love the receiving ability of Jolie

because I think that you don't see a lot of tight ends this productive, this refined as receivers. and truly truly absolutely dominant hands as well. >> Yeah, I'm in on Justin Jolie. You have him at tight end three. I have him at tight end four. The only real difference is I have Clare at two and you have Clare at four, I believe, is the difference there. Uh regardless though, this is a guy we're going to be in on. You know, he's probably going to be an early to mid third rounder in your tight end premium leagues and I'd be willing to snap him up every single time at that spot. >> Especially when you factor in that I just don't love drafting tight ends high in startups. though I take guys like Tucker Crash, guys like Harold Fannon, guys like Aronda Gadson, guys like Justin Jolie year after year after year. And if I might humble brag for a second here, like I feel like I've nailed these late round tight ends the last couple years. And Jolie is one of the guys that

I'm I'm basically comping and calling this year's Herald Fannon. Not quite as productive obviously because he was dominant at Bowling Green, but very productive in his own right with a lot better target competition with KC there for some of those years. I feel like I've been similar too where it's like I I I like the security of a top- end tight end, but also it feels like the hit rates like it's easy to look for what you want in a tight end. Like it started like I remember right before uh KD and Andrews broke out in back-to-back years like they were two of my highest drafted players and obviously it was like you read the tea leaves, hey maybe the athletic option that is so natural at the catch point is going to work out. >> Yeah. Not to mention you can draft three of them late. Like I could do a startup and take Mason Taylor in the 11th round. I can take Justin Jolie in the 17th round and I can take Eli Raridan in the 19th round and there's probably a good

chance I'll end up with a startable tight end. And and also like in round 22, Hunter Henry will still be on the board if I absolutely need him. >> Yeah. Uh Rarin was the one I also thought about in this video. Um I feel like you know people have kind of caught up to especially like his reception perception profile got released. Uh people are more aware of him. The one that I do want to focus on is Oscar Delp, tight end from the Georgia Bulldogs. And admittedly, the production profile for both of us, let's just say five out of 15, four out of 15. You look at the production, >> never a season with over 300 receiving yards. Unfortunately, the context of that Georgia offense didn't really let him shine since Brock Bowers left. But, uh, all that being said though, um, you're not going to find a freakier athlete outside of maybe Kenyan Sadique in this class. 447, 250 pounds. Uh, you see 99th percentile, 40 yard time. Uh, speed score 98th percentile, 120.6. just the freak of all freak athletes in this

class. When you look at his after the catch metrics, this guy has been over seven yards after the catch in each of the last two seasons. And even though he hasn't been tasked with being a super productive player in the context of that offense, when he has designed touches, when he has designed routes down the field, all three levels, he shines as a route runner. Man, I look at Oscar Delp as one of the most physically imposing profiles that I've seen. Even with the production not being there, it's hard not to see an NFL team looking at him and saying in the right spot, we can make him into our George KD. And we're going to hear that for so many [ __ ] players. Tune it out for 95% of them. Oscar Delp is the 100th percentile athlete that it merits that type of comp. >> Yeah, his his get off is freaky, man. It's freaky good. His his 20 yard split and this is like you think of, okay, what does that mean? His get off is freaky. Okay. When he's aligned in line or in the slot or whatever, his release,

if he gets off of an inline alignment, gets to the second level, his 20 yard split was 99th percentile at at his proday. So, that's a lot of speed. If you got a linebacker on you, that's a lot of size. If you have a safety or a nickel corner on you, so it it's pretty freaky how he moves. Like, it is not hyperbolic to say that it is comparable to the best tight ends in the NFL. The way that Bowowers and McBride and Lovelin and those guys move, he moves that way. It's just the the intricacies of running routes and doing the little things that he needs work on. Could he never figure that out? It's definitely possible. He never figures that out and becomes an afterthought. And that's and we get to go, okay, well, now we don't bet on guys who don't produce in college. But it's not he wouldn't be the first tight end to come out of college, not be used properly, and get used properly in the NFL, and turn into a freaky producer. >> Well, that's the thing that's so

intriguing for him because when you look at his overall career, Cory, his highest yard darts per run was in Brock Bowers's final season. like they just misused the crap out of him the last two years. He had a 62.7% route rate at Georgia this year probably because they realized, oh [ __ ] we don't have a passable uh passing offense this year with Gunner Stockton. We're going to rely upon Oscar Delp handed the dirt. We're going to run the [ __ ] out of the football. You turn on Georgia tape. How much was his hand in hand in the dirt lining up on a defensive end straight up? >> Yeah, a lot. And another part of it too is Lawson and Lucky and Benjamin Eurosk and some of the other high recruits that they had. Again, I'm not making excuses for the guy. You got to be >> 23.9% slot 23.9% slot rate versus some of the other usages we see. Like if Oscar Delp was at >> I don't know >> NC State in Justin Jolie's role, he probably would have been way more

productive. >> Yeah. So ultimately I look at this like yeah it's an incomplete profile from a production perspective but at the same time he's going to go in day two of the NFL draft and he is the 100th percentile athlete that I trust an NFL team to be able to get the best out of. When you squint and you look at the best plays there, man, it's hard not to see 85 with Burgundy. >> Yeah. And uh it would be lovely if he went and sat behind a veteran tight end like George KD, like Travis Kelce, like Mark Andrews, and developed behind them because if he does get a year to develop behind Kelsey, a year to develop behind Andrews, man, look out. He could be an absolute monster by a year or two of his career. I would expect him to probably start his NFL career slow though just because he does need quite a bit of work as far as I think as a blocker he's probably going to need some work too but mainly as a as a receiver in the way to work against man and zone coverage and

stuff but like just the like this is a ball of clay tight end like he could you could drop him on the floor and he could end up being nothing but you could sculpt him into an absolute monster of a tight end also. >> Yeah. And and likewise likewise like I said for Raran as well like he's a guy that we're both in on. I think him and Oscar Delp are the two guys that you can make the case for were I guess the biggest victims of the context of their offenses. >> Yeah. Yeah. And like here's the thing with guys like Oscar Delp and especially the guy that I'm about to talk about. I could list you some of the picks from last year. Let's let's take a trip down memory lane here. The second round of rookie drafts last year. Um Matthew Golden 2011, Luther Burton 202. Obviously he's been a big hit. Jaden Higgins, Trey Harris, Cam Scataboo big hit. Jack Besh, uh, Tutin, pretty big hit so far. Jaylen Null, Tyler Shuck, big hit. Jaylen Milro, Mason Taylor, Terrence Ferguson. I mean, that's a

second round. If I go through the third and fourth round, like we're talking Bashard Smith and DJ Giddens and Jordan James and Jaylen Royals and Jarquz Hunter and um, you know, like your hits out of this area other than like your obvious Harold Fannins and Gadson and stuff are like I guess you'd feel decent about Alec Manor or like Deon Neil if you drafted them like they got some run. They were useful to some degree, but they're not like big hits. So, in this area of the draft, man, round three, round four, rookie drafts, we're going to swing. We're going to swing on Oscar Delps. We're going to swing on Justin Jolie's. We're going to swing on Bryce Lances and that type of guy. And I am personally going to swing the daylights out of Drew Aller because Drew Aller has is the only, let's put it this way, in Superflex leagues, Drew is the only prospect in this class that you could get outside the top 24 picks that could end up being the Dynasty 101 and startup

someday. That's the only way I can put it. Drew Aller is that talented. His arm talent, his size, his mobility, his anticipation, his reads. I thought his pocket presence and his playmaker gene were there. He has a long, long way to go as far as ball placement. Although he did make a lot of strides um freshman to senior season from an accuracy standpoint, if you look at his adjusted completion percentage, his regular completion percentage and whatnot, his uh footwork and mechanics are a major issue. He's acknowledged as such at the combine. And of course, anybody who follows Penn State college football knows that this offense didn't really use anybody well and he didn't show up in the best of moments. They they choked. They were, you know, not the type of team that was going to win national championships. And that was the expectation because was dubbed the next Josh Allen coming out of high school. So that was the expectation. You also had a five-star running back in Nick

Singleton, a four-star running back in Kron Allen. You had a couple of great talented tight ends like Tyler Warren and whatnot. So, for me, I'm swinging on Jeroll because he has the makeup of all of the best quarterbacks in the NFL. Um, the arm talent, the size, the mobility that you want for fantasy that yes, if he hit could turn into a top three to five dynasty startup pick. >> Yeah, I'll I'll give more of the the pessimistic take. So, you can show the graphic on the screen while I kind of outline some of the differences there. The pocket presence, uh, that's where I mostly factored in the footwork, the mechanics, the ability to, you know, stand tall there. I just didn't really see on a consistent basis, especially against the best competition, unfortunately. But you mentioned it like that is the big narrative for Drew Aller where it's like, hey, when he's going up against Sacramento [ __ ] state, like he's going to put up goddy numbers. But the issue was when he was playing

against the Michigan, the Ohio States, the Oregon, the best teams in that conference. That's when the majority of the bad moments showed up. And whether that's fair or not to Aller, we can have a separate disc discussion about. But that's probably the biggest reason for why the narrative has shifted from a guy that could be a, you know, first round, second round pick to ultimately a guy that's probably going to be on the late round three, early round four portion where he goes. >> Yeah. Like [sighs] he's just so enticing to me, man. Like quarterbacks that don't go in the first round, ultimately the only way you're going to get on the field is by having traits and people, you know, you see it in practice and that kind of thing. when you get on the field, you're going to have an extremely short leash. So, you better perform as soon as you get on the field the way that Tyler Shuck did. For example, if the Saints don't have Tyler Shuck play the way he did last year, they're

drafting a quarterback this season or they're signing Kyler Murray or something like that. So, >> like when you look at a a non-firstround quarterback, there's been a couple who have been QB2 upside prospects or better with the prototype bonus in the prospect model, which basically just means that they have the size and the mobility traits at a certain threshold. They're at least 6'3, they're at least 200 plus pounds. They have the mobility threshold of 4% or higher. Those guys that went in the first uh three rounds, this is the list. Jaylen Herz, they're non- first round quarterbacks. Sorry. Jaylen Herz, Drew Lockach, Mason Rudolph, Drew, Tyler Shuck, Will Levis, Davis Mills. Pretty decent list of non-first round quarterbacks. Every one of those guys had an opportunity to start games. >> Yeah, all things considered, you take that uh overall list there. But um yeah, he's both my your quarterback too, my quarterback, three in the class. Um, I more so view him along the lines of like

where Nus Meyer and Payeyton rank for me. But obviously like this is your guy here. Like if he is, you know, 34th overall pick to the Arizona Cardinals, I can best believe you would be taking him in the early second round of your drafts. >> Hell yeah, I would. Hell yeah, I would. And and a lot of it is too because even though you mentioned, okay, you big games, didn't really show up. He, you know, have wow moments against bad teams and stuff. I watch his worst tapes, 2024 Ohio State, Michigan games. Um, uh, there was a game against Wisconsin or something that was a really bad one in 2025 or 2024. You watch some of those games and you still see five or six really, really great plays. And sometimes his team let him down. Defense or defense scoring a lot of allowing a lot of points, offensive player being in the wrong position, dropping tipped picks, whatever the case is, he does his job more often than not. And that's a guy that I want to bet on, especially if you get him in the right the hands of

the right offensive mind. To me, that being Shawn McVey in Los Angeles, I think Mike Lafleur in Arizona would be a decent fit for him. I don't really trust Frank Reich at all, even though I think the Jets have an opportunity to to start him right away. I don't really trust Frank Reich. The other one that I'm actually warming up to a lot more is uh a guy in Aaron Rogers who had a lot of mechanical work coming out of college early in his career. He had to do that behind Brett Favre, a future Hall of Famer. How about we get Jer behind Aaron Rogers in Pittsburgh with Mike McCarthy behind the scenes working with a quarterback who also has been down this road before working behind a Hall of Famer having a lot of mechanical work to do. >> Yeah. And like the big elephant or not the elephant in the room but the big uh lowhanging fruit here too would be going to the Rams. Similar situation. Matthew Stafford prime MVP candidate. Shawn McVey very very good situation. You'd probably have at least a year or two to

learn behind there and then you'd still have two years on your rookie contract for them to see what you're capable of. Yeah, I'm really hoping he doesn't go to like the Texans or something where it's like he's probably not getting on the field or like the the Chargers or like like let's get him to a team that has an aging quarterback or has a shaky quarterback situation to the point we can get him on the field. If it's the Jets, then it's the Jets. I prefer it not be the Jets because I don't trust Frank Reich at all. I really want it to be the Rams, Cardinals, or or Steelers. But we'll see what happens. >> Ready for the Patriots to do it. He plays in the preseason and they trade him just like they did with Milton. >> Yeah, maybe. I I think the Steelers have like legitimately like six or seven NFL draft picks inside the top 100 this year. So like I I think there's a very good chance they'll spend one on a quarterback. They've also met with more

quarterbacks than any other team as well. So they've met with Payeyton, they've met with all they've met with Nusmeer, they've met with everybody pretty much. So I'm I'm really hoping that Aller is the guy that they want to go with. >> Also, apologies. I said the Milton example. Milton had that big game the year prior, won them the final game of the season, and then I remember Patriots fans weren't even sure if they would get Drake May, but luckily he fell onto their lap. >> Yeah, it would have been Caleb Williams probably would have been a Patriot in the other scenario there, which I actually would argue Caleb would have been much worse off. >> Oh, it worked out for the Patriots. You take Drake May every time. >> May every time. And not only that, but I think Drake May was better equipped to handle a bad situation than than Caleb would have been, too. >> Yeah, for sure. Uh, funny how, you know, one single meaningless game between two

bad football teams changes the course of a franchise for 15. >> Trevor Lawrence would be a Jet right now and the Jets would probably be a really good team had they not won that meaningless game in week 17 against the Rams in 2020. >> That really got them, Zack Wilson. That's unbelievable. >> I'm sorry Jets fans. >> Sorry Jets fans indeed. But uh yeah, that is the my guys again. We just wanted it on record. Ultimately, you guys are going to look back on this video if you remember it or care about it in the future and look at how many of our my guys end up hitting, right? So, that was what we wanted to get on record. How many of these guys relative to their cost, relative to where they were being thought of in rookie drafts, were we correct to be higher on them because if we had done this video last year, for example, before the draft, you know, a guy like Harold Fannon would have been in it. A guy um you know, a couple years ago like a Tyrone Tracy would have been in this video, for

example, as well. So, um that's definitely something we're trying to keep record of. are my guys again. Elijah Serat, Jacobe Lane, Antonio Williams, Justin Jolie, and Gerald are for me. Jonah Coleman, Ted Hurst, Adam Randall, Bryce Lance, and Oscar Delp for Danny. If you enjoyed this video, leave a like, subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. If you guys noticed all these player cards on the screen, have a thing above the players picture that says prospect video. So, if you want 1,000 plus hours of film breakdown of all of these prospects, 50 total in the guide right now, by tomorrow or the next day, we're going to have a best of the rest video, which is like a longer video with a couple cutups of of the players we didn't quite get to in depth. That will be a total of like 60 plus prospects with film breakdowns in the guide. You can get access to that uh using the promo code FSE over on flockfantasy.com. Sign up right now, get a 7-day free trial, 30% off any of the

packages, a free live team review. We're going to be introducing a brand new product called the Dynasty Decisions 2.0, which for those of you guys that sign up for an annual Mother Flocker, you will get one for free annually every single year, which gives you essentially a uh a breakdown of your Dynasty team, some of the biggest decisions that you have to make, some buys, some sells, some other um advice pieces in there as well. So, if you have your annual Mother Flocker review voucher, maybe hold on to that until we uh until we release it. We also have buy 1 get one 50% off reviews right now if you guys want to check that out. But all that is linked down below in the pin comment. With that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
