Today we are ranking the 2027 running back class. We are getting real sick. I did this with the wide receivers already. I figured it's a good chance to look ahead. Good chance for you guys who are preparing your rebuild, one-year punting, etc. to know how good on a scale of 1 to 10 the 2027 running back class is. And of course, for those of you guys that are deviers, this will be a lot more helpful because you get to know some of the names and get to know some of the players that'll be in this class. as I did with the wide receivers. Reminder that the heights, weights, athletic testing is all projected or listed. That will all change, of course, a year from now when we've had the combine for the 2027 class. And of course, a reminder that not everybody that I talk about will actually declare. Draft capital is going to be inaccurate at this point in time as well. How many people realistically are doing 2027 mockdrafts? First, I'm going to go through how the model ranks them and

then we'll kind of experience adjust some players because we like those juniors better than we like the five sixyear college running backs and then we'll rank the pure profiles from that point. So, remember that the order that I'm going in is going to be heavily influenced by 2027 mockdrafts. Currently, we don't have any generational prospects. We don't have any workhorse prospects, but we do have quite a few prospects that are very interesting. Starting with the RB1 upside tier, which to give you guys a point of reference, this is where Judkins and Henderson and those guys were last season. 60% chance you get an RB1 out of prospects like this. So, a good chance that you have a good productive running back. And again, remember that there's still another college year to be played for at, you know, at least one college year to be played for a lot of these guys. RB1 in the class so far is a Mod Hardy running back from Missou. Not really a surprise to anybody who's following along. 5'11,

210 lbs. The Missouri running back is expected to run around a 44940ard dash. He was the highest graded running back in the country last year by PFF. A career 4.43 yards after contact per attempt. He rushed for 1300 yards as a true freshman in 2024 at LA Monroe. Transfers to the SEC this year at Missou and leads all power four running backs with a 1648 rushing yard season on 6.4 yards per carry with 16 touchdowns. So, he was a monster on the ground. elusive rating of 177.5 for his career, which is up like bejon territory. Absolutely elite in that regard. The goal for 2026, and I'll go over this with every running back that I talk about, is Hardy is sub 20th percentile receiving yards, market share, career yards per out run, just 14 career catches over two years despite nearly 500 carries. So, we're talking about a player that needs to add receiving work to his profile. And even if it's just modest, like 20 plus receptions, we're talking about a clear workhorse tier prospect. And he won't be

21 years old until the end of the college season this year around Christmas time. So he was 19 most of last year, first year in the SEC, 18 his true freshman year, absolutely balling the hell out. And the comps, so you can see there, Jonathan Brooks, DeAndre Swift, Kenneth Walker, JK Dobbins, etc. And this is if he came out now, like not including what he could do this year to improve his profile. He is projected to go in the mid first round of the NFL draft in 2027. Moving on to RB2 in the model right now. LJ Martin, running back from BYU, 1300 rushing yards this past year, 12 touchdowns, 87.9 rushing grade, 3.75 yards after contact per attempt. Also added a lot of receiving work. 39 targets through the air, 6'2, 220 lbs. He is expected to run in the mid44s as well. 446. He easily could have come out this year and he probably would have been in, you know, conversation with Jonah Coleman and Jadarian Price and those type of guys for like RB2, RB3 in the class. The goal for 2026 for LJ

Martin is just have another great year. Don't regress. Don't get hurt. This is why he should have come out because it's not really much for him to gain. He already had a good year and he's just going to be another year older. It would have been better if he had just come out for the draft this season. Before I get into RB3, I just quickly want to mention that when I'm talking about a junior, I will usually frame it in the regard of, okay, how this is how he gets better. When I'm talking about a senior or a red shirt senior or something, I'll usually talk about their profile as if they're kind of draft eligible now. And that's kind of what the case was with LJ Martin. I really, really wish he had just came out this year because there's not much for him to grow into. And this class, the awesome part about it is that the seniors are actually quite good. Like a lot of the senior prospects in the red shirt senior prospects would be better than like the majority of the

running back class this year. So adding in some of these juniors that I'll talk about will only make this class better. With the final guy of this tier, a running back from Minnesota, Darius Taylor, he started his profile out in exceptional fashion. As a true sophomore, he had 54 receptions, which is a ridiculous number. Very solid 3.82 yards after contact per attempt for his career. Last season he had 43 targets in just seven healthy games which is ridiculous uh receiving production. He's 6' 215 lbs. Expected to have like low 45 speed. The issue for Taylor is like rushing efficiency and production as of now. So the goal for 2026 rush for 1,000 yards. He hasn't done that to this point in his college career. Have like 5.5 yards per carry. Back-to-back seasons of sub five yards per carry and a 987 rushing yard careerhigh in 2024. He regressed to like 670 yards. But again, he only was healthy for like seven games. So, got to stay healthy in 2026. Basically, only played seven games.

Still with 34 catches. That is absolutely insane. Him and LJ Martin, their ages are unknown right now, but they're both probably about 22 years old on draft night given that they are true seniors. Moving into the next tier of guys, we have the RB2 upside tier. Again, Justice Haynes, Mark Fletcher, Nate Frasier, and Relique Brown that I'm going to talk about here. A couple of these guys are like seniors. Justice Haynes, um, Mark Fletcher and Relique Brown are all like upper classmen, whereas Nate Fraser is being propped up by draft capital and what he's expected to get right now. So, running back forward, Justice Haynes, formerly of Alabama, formerly of Michigan, now of Georgia Tech, 5'11, 210 lbs. He's expected to run about a 449. He was on a tear for Michigan before he got injured. Rushed for 857 yards and 10 touchdowns in the first seven games of 2025. So, in seven games, he rushed for over 100 yards per game. He had 100 plus rushing yards in all but one game during that

stretch and he was also pacing out about 25 plus targets. And Haynes, for those of you guys that are Debbie players, was formerly regarded as a very high recruit. He was a top three to five running back in his recruiting class when he came out. The goal for 2026 is stay healthy for starters, but you know, cash in on that potential, right? He's a a four-star recruit. He had all that potential last year, but we want to see him get fed at Georgia Tech. You're at a smaller school now. You're not at Alabama or at Michigan. Let's see you be a workhorse. like go out there, rush for 1500 yards, put up 20 plus catches. He turns 22 this October. His comps are pretty intriguing like Sony Michelle, Rashad White, Miles Sanders. Definitely need him to put it all together for a big season for the whole season as well. Running back five in the model here is Mark Fletcher Jr. from Miami. A lot of people probably remember him from the college football playoff run. Big back, 6'2", 225 lbs. Not expected to be the

fastest dude in the world. He's projected for low 46 speed. He was a horse by the end of the year for Miami though. 1184 rushing yards, 12 touchdowns, top five graded back in the country, a 92.0 PFF grade. He also added like a modest 22 targets and he'll be about 22 and a half on draft night. So again, more so a guy that right now it says he's RB5. I highly doubt he ends up RB5 when we actually get to the draft. This is more like your Katron Allen of this class where you'd think, okay, Katron Allen, while he's my RB4 in this class, in a better class, he'd be like my RB9 or my RB10. That's kind of what I think of Mark Fletcher, at least at this point in time. AJ Dylan, David Montgomery, Royce Freeman, Zack Moss, some of the comps that are popping there. Nate Frasier from Georgia is a guy that is a lot more projection. This is kind of like other than Hardy really, this is the first like real projection. The other guys that I've talked about, established profiles, seniors, that that

kind of thing. Nate Fraser turns 21 years old midway through this season. He's listed with 435 speed at 5'10", 210 pounds. He was the number two recruit in the 2024 running back class and he was a top 10 graded running back in the country this season. Starting the season at age 19 for the University of Georgia. Again, Georgia is a competitive school. They're good recruiting team, etc. He led the Bulldogs with 947 rushing yards and added 19 targets as a true sophomore 19-year-old. The goal for 2026, round out this profile. You become the guy this year. You rush for,200 plus yards, have 20 plus catches. The Bulldogs added veteran Dante Dattle, um, who came from Kentucky and some other schools. If Fraser has 250 plus touches with Dow in the backfield, that is really bullish for his, uh, profile. And also, let's get those efficiency numbers up a little bit. Miss tackles, force, yards after contact, that kind of stuff. And he'll be a projected firstrounder. He's

currently projected to be a firstrounder right now. comps ranging from like James Cook, Jadarian Price, CJ Proise, uh Nate Fraser. A lot of people are probably quite excited about him. Again, he was a high recruit and he's actually been really good as a a freshman. He was pretty good. And then as a sophomore, he was really good. Running back seven in the model and this guy is probably the most complete profile that we'll see because he is entering year six of his college career. Relique Brown, formerly of Arizona State, now transfers to the University of Texas, Austin. uh year six guy transfers to Texas after really a breakout season for Arizona State, 1100 yards, uh 6.1 yards per carry, a whopping 46 targets as well. He and Hollywood Smothers who transfers in from NC State are going to share the backfield at UT. So UT loses Quinton Weisner, he transfers to Florida State and CJ Baxter transfers to Kentucky and in comes Relique Brown, in comes Hollywood Smothers. So a big time shuffle for their running back core.

Brown is undersized at just 5 foot n5 pounds. But I'd be expecting a solid year. Maybe he'll uh probably drop into the flex play caliber prospect because I don't think he'd be the type of back that would get drafted top 90. But if he's a day three guy, he'll be interesting. Again, most of these seniors that I'm talking about are going to be more so depth pieces of this class. The guys that I'm about to talk about are going to be like the high high-end guys if they end up really hitting. Nate Fraser and Ahmad Hardy being two of those guys and the ones I'm about to talk about being the rest. So, the flex plates here, but the juniors that I'm going to talk about here, again, this is where things get weird because gun to my head, the three backs that I'm about to talk about are probably like RB3 to five in the class if I had to rank it myself. Jaden Ba from Florida, Kawan Lacy from Miss, and Kaden Durham from LSU. The reason that they don't rank super highly in the

model right now in their flex play caliber prospects is that they're basically getting undrafted draft capital. And draft capital is the biggest input in the model. And part of why they're getting undrafted draft capital is not because they're not good. Kawan Lacy was second in the country in rushing yards last year behind only Ahmad Hardy. It's because I think the NFL draft community believes that they'll be in the 2028 class and not in the 2027 class. So, I'll go through these guys, but just remember that any one of these dudes has a monster season and they'll probably be closer to RB1 in this class than they will be to RB 5 to 10 like they're being ranked right now. So, Jaden Ba from Florida rushed for 1168 rushing yards this year on 221 attempts. number 17 graded running back in the nation with an 89.4 rushing grade and he added 40 targets and oh by the way he's 6 foot1 231 pounds. So you can see why I'd be excited about a player like this. He's got the speed projected

mid44s a true junior. There's no date of birth listed but he's probably like 20 years old. Probably did what he did last year at age 19, age 20 at the oldest. And he also led his team in rushing Florida big SEC school as a true freshman in 2024. uh 670 yards he had as a three-star recruit. He wasn't even like a fivestar guy or a four-star guy. He came in as a true freshman and won the job and was the starting running back from day one. So, I'm really excited about Jaden Ba. When we rank, you know, these players regardless of profile that I'll do later on, he actually ranks as the RB1 in the class. So, Jaden Ba, while the comps are not exciting right now, Mike Washington, Marshon Lloyd, etc., it's because he's being projected to go undrafted because he's not getting in mocks right now. For whatever reason, NFL draft analysts don't think he'll come out this year. But regardless, if he gets, you know, day two capital or something, he's going to be legitimately an RB1 prospect, uh,

or maybe even better with another great season. Kaden Durham from LSU, fourstar, number five recruit coming out of the 2024 high school class. Very young still, just 20.9 years old should he declare for the 2027 draft. So, he was like 19 years old all of last year and he will be 20 years old all of this year as an 18-year-old true freshman at Louisiana State. Huge, huge SEC school. He led the team with 752 rushing yards and posted 31 targets as a true freshman. Very, very impressive. Reportedly at 5'9, 205 pounds, which about like Kenneth Walker size. He runs in the 42s apparently. I don't know if necessar like I haven't watched his tape so I have no idea if he actually does or doesn't but he is projected to run 428 according to NFL draft buzz. Now I don't know why he regressed this year as a runner. He still led the team but LSU was kind of a disaster but he was still their leading rusher. A big year for Durham would really round out this profile if he has you know a thousand

plus rushing yards 30 plus targets. He will easily be a top three to five back in this class. A class that is very good as I've kind of made reference to right now. Again don't pay attention to the comps. Right now, he's being projected to go pick 180. Uh Tyrone Tracy is the comp that kind of pops there. But again, more than likely, if he comes out, and if he doesn't have a good season, he'll probably be in the 2028 class, but if he comes out, he'll probably be a day two guy because it means he had um a good season. Kawan Lacy, running back from Old Miss. A lot of people probably remember him from their playoff run as well. Four-star recruit, number 15 running back coming out of high school recruiting class. He will be the youngest running back in this class, the only running back that I'm going to talk about with a 2006 birthday. He will be actually sorry him and Durham both have 2006 birthdays but Kawhan Lacy will be just 20.7 years old should he declare for the 2027 draft on draft night. He

just rushed at 19 years old for 1564 rushing yards in the SEC. He's kind of like a mod Hardy light in this class because he had 29 receptions this year but miss threw a ton. So his reception numbers kind of boyed by the fact that they threw a lot and uh his market share numbers are not super impressive. Just 0.61 61 yards per route run. But again, he was number two in the entire nation in rushing yards at age 19 in his first year as the starter for an SEC school like Miss. The biggest issue with his profile right now is that that UDFA projected draft capital. If if he wasn't a projected UDFA and you put like a second round capital asset on this guy, we're talking easily an RB2 or better upside prospect with still another college football season where he's not even 20 years old yet to uh to go there. So, we're talking about James Cook, RJ Harvey on the low end, legitimately. And then on the high end, we could be talking about, you know, Trevian Henderson, Kenneth Walker, maybe even he

gets to the territory with another great season of your Travis ETN, Amari, Hampton, Ashen Genty, uh, type of prospects. The goal for 2026, definitely want to get the efficiency up a little bit. He had 330 touches last year, so we know he can handle a workload. We could even dial back that workload just a little bit. At the end, I'll kind of rank the running backs, but Lacy will be way higher. Just to be spoiler alert, he's probably like RB2 in the class if I had to rank them. 91.6 rushing grade at 19 years old in the SEC. Stamp it shot. That is an absolutely monster season. Kairen Williams, Shawn Tucker, some of the comps that pop for him right now. Flexplay seniors. These guys are again more floor raisers of the class as opposed to ceiling raers. The three that I just talked about, that's where the ceiling of this class will come from. The guys that I'm about to talk about here are more so, oh, these will be like RB 6 to 12 in the class. They'll be the third, the fourth, the fifth round

rookie picks. uh or sorry uh NFL draft picks. They'll be the midse through early fourth round NFL rookie picks for dynasty purposes. Bryson Washington, formerly of Baylor, now of Auburn. Really great sophomore year in 2024. Thousand rushing yards, 12 touchdowns, 88 PFF grade, and 4.11 yards after contact per attempt. This season, he started out great. Six plus yards per carry in four of his first six games. Got hurt down the stretch, and that really affected his season. His snaps were limited, etc. So at 6 foot, 203 lbs, projected 449 speed, had a great sophomore year, entering his true senior season if he can bounce back and have another great year. The goal for 2026 would be, you know, 1,200 rushing yards, 25 plus receptions, etc. His miss tackles force numbers are also kind of bad. So if he can get those, you know, those puppies up a little bit, he'll definitely be a better prospect. But Bryson Washington, a very solid senior prospect going into the season. I already made reference to Hollywood

Smotherthers when I talked about Relique Brown, but he is also another good senior prospect in this class. Formerly of NC State, now of the University of Texas. Um, smaller back, 5'11, 195 pounds, but he tore it up pretty good at NC State. Anybody who watched him knows what I'm talking about. 939 yards on 160 carries, 37 catches as well, career yards per run of 1.42, career yards after contact per attempt of nearly four yards after contact. He and Relique Brown will be sharing the backfield this year, but it wouldn't shock me if a Texas has a great year because they're very talented roster. Arch is a senior, Cam Coleman coming in, Ryan Wingo, etc., and you have these two running backs who are very experienced. Uh, Relique Brown a six-year college player. Hollywood Smother's a two-year starter and a fourth year college player. Wouldn't shock me if both of these guys are like round three, round four NFL draft picks, and Hollywood Smothers definitely a good like depth piece of the running back

class for sure. Maybe he surprises me and one of these two take over the backfield, but I do expect both of them to be kind of used in tandem the way that Weisner and CJ Baxter were used last year. Trey Weisner, speaking of him, formerly of Texas, now of Florida State, great season in 2024. When Baxter went down, he had,60 rushing yards and a whopping 57 targets on an 85.6 rushing grade in the same backfield as Jaden Blue. So, he has already competed with NFL competition and basically won out in that situation. but he did regress in 2025 and now he transfers to Florida State. 6 foot 201 pounds, runs about a four five flat. So, he's definitely an intriguing deeper name if he can bounce back at FSU, but right now his comps are like Jaden Blue, his former teammate, Brashard Smith, Justice Hill, etc. And then the final guy from this year is Jim White from North Texas, formerly of West Virginia. Had a great freshman year at West Virginia career, 3.99 yards after contact per attempt, 7.7 yards per carry

as a freshman, but he's undersized and he transfers out of the power four. So, he's probably not likely going to be very exciting. Moving to the waiver wires here. Now, again, very similar to what I said with the flex play guys. The seniors are where you're going to get the floor. The juniors are where you're going to get the ceiling to this class. So, the four guys that I have in like the ceiling waiverwire players. We have Jacobe Williams from Texas Tech. Small but uber productive as a receiver. He went 35 for 388 plus as a receiver and he also had an 87.9 PFF rushing grade. He's just a true junior this season. We'll see what happens. Although last year, Texas Tech running back uh Quint Joiner, who was formerly of USC, who I'll talk about in a second, is going to be back coming off of a torn ACL. So, we'll see how that plays out. But, Jacobe Williams, very young still. I believe he's only 20 years old. Definitely a guy to be paying attention to if he has a great season. Jordan

Marshall from Michigan took over for Justice Haynes when Justice Haynes went down with an injury. 5'11, 216 pounds, 44 speed, true junior who got to start all year now or who gets to start all year now with Justice Haynes transferring to Georgia Tech. He rushed for 100 plus yards in five of his last six games. Like when you combine these two, Marshall and Hannes, the tech the starting running back of Michigan rushed for 100 yards like every single game in 2025. So Jordan Marshall just 18 19 years old last year, 88.6 rushing grade. Very intriguing junior, true junior coming into the season. Again, we don't need all these guys to hit. I don't need Durham and Lacy and BA and you know, Jacobe Williams and Jordan Marshall. They don't all need to hit. Some of them undoubtedly won't hit or some of them undoubtedly will be in the 2028 class. But if a couple of them have great seasons, then this is going to really elevate this class to a high-end uh group of guys. Isaac Brown from

Louisville, some people are probably going to be pissed that he's this low. Again, I'm just ranking him where the model has him. I haven't watched the guy's tape. I don't know exactly his game, nuance for nuance, but he gets this like next Devon Aan stigma because he's small. He's a good receiver, 38 targets this past year or two years ago as a freshman. And in his career, he averages 7.8 yards per carry. And he's a big like breakaway run getter. So he was hurt last year. Hopefully he can stay healthy first and foremost. And also too, hopefully he can elevate himself beyond just a smaller back who's explosive cuz small backs who are explosive, maybe he's Belle Tutin, maybe he's Devon Chan, or maybe he's more like, you know, name any random 200 sub 200lb running back who was good in college. Like there's been plenty of guys like that. So Isaac Brown, great profile so far. got to bounce back and play um a little bit healthier. Um I don't see him as like a top three to

five running back in the class like I've seen some people rank him as, but definitely an intriguing prospect nonetheless. So those are like the And then also uh sorry to Deshawn Bishop from Tennessee. These Tennessee backs scare me, but 5'10, 208, 90.1 rushing grade as a true sophomore last year. And um he was really efficient, but all Tennessee running backs are. I've been fooled by Dylan Samson and by uh Jaylen Wright. Not that those guys careers are over necessarily, but we have seen that it's a um you know an elevated step to the NFL when you're coming from that scheme. Regardless, these waiverwire juniors are still yet another source of ceiling for the 2027 NFL draft at the running back position. Now, these seniors, again, another source of floor, but legitimately like I see a lot of upside with some of these guys. Mai Hughes was a really decorated running back prospect going into last year's draft. didn't have a good season, an understatement, at Oregon, formerly of

two lane. He was a monster at two lane. Back-to-back 89 plus rushing grade seasons. Nearly 2800 rushing yards his first two years in college at two lane. He [ __ ] his pants at at Oregon, and now he transfers to Houston, but he's got good size, decent speed, and he can bounce back if he has a good season for Houston. Mai Hughes could definitely be a top three, four round NFL draft pick. CJ Baxter has not been healthy in his career. But he's a former five-star recruit formerly of Texas now of Kentucky. He basically blew his knee out his sophomore season and you know missed the entire year and then his junior season last year wasn't quite the same level of explosiveness which is to be understandable. Um knowing that you're coming off a multi-legant I think it was a multi-leg ACL tear that he suffered at 6'1 227 pounds. He is definitely intriguing as well. And then Quint Joiner, who I made reference to at Texas Tech, to his ACL last preseason. And uh size and efficiency needs to be there

because he was really efficient at USC his first two years, but last year we didn't get to see what he could do because he was hurt. And then Dante Dowel, the final guy in this tier, formerly of Oregon, then to Nebraska, out touched Emma Johnson actually in 2024, and then to Kentucky this year, and now he goes to Georgia. Again, fine player, but he's been like a journeyman in college, probably a low-end name, and I do expect Nate Fraser to be the starting running back there. Regardless, this class is intriguing, fellas. It is very intriguing. And one thing I just want to pivot over to really quick to my other view here. Um, the underclassman adjusted. Now, again, the model that I just went through assumes that all of these guys are draft eligible and there's no way for us to adjust for the fact that like Kaden Durham and Kan Lacy and Ahmad Hardy are sophomores and Relique Brown was a red shirt senior last year. So what we're going to do here is adjust for the fact that the

underclassmen get a bump, the over upper classmen don't get a bump, and that results in us kind of progressing the profile a little bit more. So purely off of profile so far and removing the draft capital input because like I said, some of these guys, for whatever reasons, NFL draft analysts don't think they're going to be in the class. The 2027 running back class, or at least this group of running backs that could be in the class, has 14 running backs in the top 50 profiles in the models history dating back 11 draft classes. 14 of these guys are in the top 50 profiles when you move remove draft capital. So, a lot of underassman smashing could make this class elite at the running back position. But the seniors give it a great floor. Like I said, Darius Taylor, LJ Martin, Mark Fletcher, Justice Haynes, Relique Brown. Um, who else did we have here? Bryson Washington, Hollywood Smothers, Trey Wisner, Mai Hughes, CJ Baxter, Dante Dow, Quinton Joiner, Jahem White. These guys are, if

they were the whole class, it would still be a decent class. Let alone if we get four or five of these sen of these juniors come out for the draft, have great seasons. So, I think that at the very least, we're looking at a class that is as strong as the 2025 class at running back, probably as strong as the 2020 class at running back. That was the JT and Dobbins class. And who knows, maybe it can be the best running back class we've seen since the illustrious 2017 class, the McAffrey, the Chimera class, the Leonard Fornet class. Five of the top nine profiles in this class. As you guys can see, when you remove the draft capital input and you progress the the sophomores to their junior seasons and give the adjustments like I talked about, Jaden Ba ranks as the number one running back in this class when you adjust for the fact that he was a true sophomore last year. Jacobe Williams, Kawwan Lacy, Jordan Marshall, and Kaden Durham all rank inside the top nine running backs as well. Even again,

they're projected to be UDFAS right now. So, we're kind of factoring in that they would have a good season and they would come out. And I'm only really factoring in a slight progression in their profile, but you'd have to assume if they come out and they're top two round or top three round NFL draft picks, they probably had a great season. So, like we're talking about a class that if three or four of these running backs who are juniors hit and the seniors kind of, you know, tow the line a little bit and have decent seasons, maybe we get a bounce back from some of the guys like CJ Baxter, like Quinton Weisner, like Mai Hughes, etc. We could be looking at a very, very strong class of running backs. So, Jaden Ba, uh, especially if you guys are playing Devi, Jaden Ba, Jacobe Williams, Kawhan Lacy, Jordan Marshall, Kaden Durham, Isaac Brown, um, those type of guys. Definitely, uh, keep an eye on them. The class has a ton of 20 to 21 year old dudes ready to break out in addition to the safe floor that

those seniors are going to provide the class with. Darius Taylor, LJ Martin, Justice Haynes, Mark Fletcher, Relique Brown, those type of guys. So, I did want to just show you these are the projected UDFAs. draft analysts for whatever reason don't believe these guys will be in the class or maybe they haven't scouted their tape or anything with a good season everyone here could come out they're all draft eligible Jaden Ba Kawan Lacy and so on if they have a good season a lot of them when you just like rationally think about it are projecting to have a good season like Kawhan Lacy for example Trinidad Shamblas is back he's got his quarterback still there he can have a very good season again not even 20 years old yet um for example Mai Hughes goes to a situation he could earn more volume should be healthier Jordan Marshall loses Justice Haynes in the transfer portal. Just logically, a lot of these guys could have a lot better seasons and it would make this draft class a lot

better. So, quickly, I want to show you guys just if I had to rank the class. I didn't do this for the wide receivers, but I figured I'd do it for the running back because there's so much variance. If I had to rank the assets like for Debbie draft purposes or just what I think they'll turn into, I'm going to quickly go ahead and do that. All right. So, if I had to rank the class just kind of based on my opinion, um, as far as like what I've learned from these profiles and what I think they can be going into next season and stuff, I think that, and what I have them listed here is workhorse plus, meaning they could become a workhorse prospect in the prospect model or better with a good season. We have Ahmad Hardy running back from Missou, uh, Kawan Lacy running back from Miss, Jaden Ba running back from Florida, Kane Durham running back from LSU, and Nate Fraser running back from Georgia. Because all of these guys are 2005 born or younger, we are looking at a lot of potential with them. And again,

their profiles are already pretty good without that potential being baked in. Their profiles as they currently stand are very solid. Amod Hardy led the country in rushing last year. Kawan Lacy was second in the country in rushing. Jaden Boss started for an SEC team as a freshman. Uh Nate Frasier and Kane Durham led their team in rushing as well. So, we are looking at some very good profiles there. The RB1 upside prospects. Again, these are more your like seniors. We have Darius Taylor uh from Minnesota, LJ Martin from BYU, Justice Haynes now of Georgia Tech, Jordan Marshall of Michigan, and Isaac Brown from Louisville. These guys probably like your second round rookie pick dudes. Like the first guys are probably more like high-end, you know, early to mid ones, late first round rookie pick guys. And then these guys, maybe one or two of them would sneak in the back of the first round, but more so they'd be like second round rookie picks. The RB2 upside plus tier still very solid of Mark Fletcher, Bryson

Washington, Hollywood Smothers, Relique Brown, Trey Wisner, and Jacobe Williams. All these guys probably more your like mid to late second round picks, early third, mid third round rookie pick type of guys if they hit. And then the good depth guys, Bishop, Hughes, Baxter, and so on. These guys would just fill out the depth of the class. So again, I cannot stress this enough. If things run pure for this 2027 running back class, it will be the strength of the class. As much as Jeremiah Smith is awesome and Ryan Williams is awesome and Arch Manning could be awesome and all this stuff, I think that the strength of this class will end up being running back personally based on the profiles that I've seen and running these guys through the model. So, if you guys are, again, the practical takeaway here is if you guys are structuring a rebuild around getting a lot of 2027 first, 2027, etc., then I would go light at running back as you already should be doing anyways as a rebuilder. You don't want to have a lot

of old running backs on your team, but collecting rookie picks and assuming that you'll get a lot of your running backs in the 2027 class should be a safe assumption. And and some people might say, "Oh, well, you said that last year. You said that in years past." Well, a lot of the guys that we thought were going to be in last year's class are in this class. Darius Taylor, LJ Martin, um, a lot of these guys we thought, "Oh my god, this class could be so good if these guys hit." Well, a lot of them did hit and just didn't declare. Darius Taylor, LJ Martin, Justice uh Justice Haynes, Bryson Washington. They could have been in last year's class. They just didn't have that great of seasons or they got hurt or something and that's why they're in this year's class. So, definitely an exciting class. Nonetheless, um appreciate you guys for tuning in. The true sickos know what I'm talking about here. This is what we love, man. I the 2026 class isn't even

here yet. We got to look ahead. We got to understand when it's okay to trade back, when it's okay to trade for 2027 first. I'm sure a lot of you guys are doing startups just like we just finished our our startup listener league just now as well. So, you guys want to know how good is the 2027 running back class? How good is the 2027 quarterback class? That will be the next video. Definitely an intriguing group of players for sure. If you enjoyed, leave a like. Subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. All that good stuff. Check out the site flockfantasy.com. Promo code FSE to get started. 7-day free trial when you sign up. annual live team review uh for free that you guys can get when you sign up for an annual [ __ ] tier. You get a free team review voucher so that um me and Danny can break down your dynasty team on live and uh go through all of your strengths, your weaknesses, help you better position yourself to win championships and all that good stuff and the prospects tab which has all the

2026 prospects in it. I can ask the devs if I can get the 2027 guys in there. It's going to be a lot of work on their front. I already asked them about it. Um but eventually these 2027 guys will be in there. So, if you guys want to learn more about these prospects, learn more about their strengths, their weaknesses, and tinker with them in the prospect model, let me know down below. And again, Flock Fantasy site subscribers are going to be the way that you do that. So, with that being said, peace out. I'll talk to you soon.
