2026 NFL Mock Draft. And this time, it's not what we think is going to happen, it's what we would do. Me and Corey are going to be tackling all 32 teams, one round mock. We're going to be doing it on underdogmockdraft.com. Shout out to Hayden Winks. Corey, big time time of the year. We're about a month away from the NFL Draft. Are you ready? I am. And if we're If you're wondering why Danny introed, it's cuz my voice is absolutely cooked. So, um Danny's going to do probably a little bit more of the talking than I do, but uh we'll we'll power through here. Oh, yeah, I know. Corey's lost his voice. It sounds like me after a cot event. Yeah, no, literally, which is just an insane thing that you just said. Uh but let's get into it. Round one mock. So, I'm going to be picking from odds cuz the Bucks pick 15 and Danny's going to be picking from evens because the Cowboys pick twice on even numbers and uh I'm going to go Mendoza 101. Kirk

Cousins already told us this is happening. Yeah, pretty simple, very good fit for the upcoming offense. I'm at number two overall and again, this is a what we would do mock. Do I like an Arvell Reese? Do I like a Sunny Styles? Do I like a David Bailey? Those are probably the two most realistic options at number two overall. I think I'd be between one of the Ohio State linebackers and I do think the versatility of being able to line up on the edge, being able to be a you know, complete freak of nature down-to-down linebacker as well. The versatility that Arvell Reese brings at that number two spot, I think it's going to be too hard to pass. So, I'll go with Reese at number two. Again, we could go the offensive route. I just haven't really seen a lot of rumblings with them going with wide receiver. Yeah, yeah, that's I just don't see them taking a receiver that high. I actually, like if it was me making that pick, I would have maybe even considered going Styles just cuz you're looking for like

a leader of the defense and whatnot. Um I'm on the board here with the Cardinals at three. The most common pairing is is Francis Mauigoa, the offensive tackle. They could use a right tackle at this moment in time. David Bailey's also pretty common. Reese, who obviously went off the board already. Um I honestly think that there might be a little bit of smoke to this David Bailey stuff. It wouldn't shock me if he slid a little bit, like maybe down to like five, six, or seven, not that far. So, I am going to actually just go with the chalk pick of Francis Mauigoa. Yeah, and then that's what you would do or what you think they'll do? >> It's what I would do as well. I I think shore up your offensive line. You're not really ready for the quarterback yet. And they seem to be the team most connected to Ty Simpson as well. So, if you end up taking Ty Simpson in round two or something, then maybe you just want to get him his right tackle. You have receivers, you have a tight end,

you have a run game already. So, you kind of just need to shore up the offense. No, I think it makes a ton of sense. At number four here, I'm with the Tennessee Titans. What do I think is going to happen? I think they're going to sprint to the podium and take Jeremiah Love. What I would do, I would be between Sunny Styles, again, leader of the defense, like you said, it's tough to pass that type of alien profile. I mean, the guy is one of the best freak athlete linebackers we have ever seen charted at the NFL Combine. Or I'd go with a true number one wide receiver. Again, you take Cam Ward number one last year. You have an iffy, I would say, wide receiver core in terms of the pecking order. I would say, you know, you got to got a got a lot of complimentary number two, number three, number four options. To me, Carnell Tate is a number one wide receiver. I have him graded as, you know, a top five to 10 level pick. And I do think he'd be the answer to the number one wide receiver you'd want to

build next to Cam Ward. Yeah, I'm actually a little surprised that this pairing is only 6% of the the Titans pairings. Just because, like you said, all their receivers better suited to be twos, threes, and fours. And you know, there's not a lot of evidence to say that uh you know, Jeremiah Love, a good run game, is going to help him uh help Cam Ward more than Carnell Tate would, especially knowing that you could still take Judarian Price or Ja'Lynn Polk or something later. Yeah, and I mean, Pollard and uh Tajae Spears is a fine duo. Obviously, if you can get a Jeremiah Love, he'd be the identity of your backfield. But I also think Carnell Tate can be the identity of your passing game. You'd then have Wan'Dale Robinson in your slot. You'd then have, you know, Elekai Manna as your number two outside wide receiver. Shamir Dailey as more of your gadget package guy. And to me, that's just much more of a complete wide receiver core than they currently have. Yeah, no, exactly. Um I'd be on the

board here with the Giants deciding between, in my opinion, the two very best players in the entire draft, uh between Jeremiah Love and Sunny Styles. And I am going to go with Sunny Styles because I do think um you think of those John Harbaugh Ravens teams, they're always defenses built up the middle. You think Ray Lewis, Haloti Ngata, Ed Reed, you know, up the middle type of guys. Even his other Ravens teams with Kyle Hamilton and Roquan Smith and those guys. So, I'll take Sunny Styles here. No questions asked. I think this is absolutely going to happen as well. Yeah, no, I think him or or Jeremiah Love do seem like the favorites at this point to be New York Giants by the end of the NFL Draft. Um I'm on the clock here at number six overall. Now, Corey, we didn't really mention this going into the draft. Are we trying to project trades? Are we just staying in spots? If you got a team that you control that you want to come up with or whatever, I would say as a general rule, maybe try

and focus more on teams that want to come up as a as opposed to teams that want to go back, just because we'll get into weird situations then. Cuz I got a match made here and there's actually been some real smoke. I've actually mentioned it to you as well. The Cowboys want to come up and get a number one defensive player in this draft. And unfortunately, at 12, it looks like, again, sounds like they're not really in on Jer'Zhan Newton. They could potentially get wiped off the board at 12. Whereas, if you're If you're with the Browns here, your two biggest needs outside of quarterback are offensive tackle and wide receiver. I would argue that, especially if Carnell Tate goes at number four, you're better suited sliding back on the board, translating up, you know, maybe that 39 overall pick into the Cowboys 20. And, you know, at 12 overall, whether it's a McKai or Jordan Tyson, maybe you love an Omar Cooper, maybe Amon-Ra St. Brown is able to do that or able to be there. I

feel like that area of the board does match up with their needs a lot more. And if you can get value with moving down, I'm actually going to try to project this. Now, this is the one that's kind of gotten rumored on social media right now with the Cowboys. Um it would be 106 plus 39 in exchange for 12, 20, and 152. That was about the projection that people had. The other thing, of course, here, if we could do 27 picks, I'd say a 27 for would be about equatable to the 152. Do you think this would make sense? Yeah, I mean, if that's the rumor that you're hearing, I think from both perspectives, the Browns would probably want more swings at the apple in offensive tackle and wide receiver range of pick 20. And also, the Cowboys maybe don't view a huge difference between the 20th pick and the 39th pick. Yeah, so we'll we'll we'll push this through. I think the Cowboys would be between two players if they made this deal. It'd be between Ruben Bain, it

would be between Caleb Downs. Where would they lean versus where would I lean? Hmm. I mean, Bailey's on the board, too, for what it's worth. Th- That could be the option as well. Um for what I would do, I actually would prefer Bain to Bailey. But I I think I would still prefer Downs to Downs to both. I look at Caleb Downs and I look at a guy that you can plug into a defense and immediately take them from the 32nd unit to at least an average level unit. Like, he is so smart. His ability to play in the box, his ability to tackle from the safety spot, his ability to match coverage on either side. This is the ultimate safety prospect that we have seen. Now, obviously, Kyle Hamilton was a great safety prospect in his own right. But I know a lot of people kind of had, you know, issues in terms of what the range would look like. That actually hasn't been an issue at the NFL level, but that was the reason why he fell to the teens. I think with Caleb Downs, you're just getting such a lockdown coverage player

immediately. Well, I remember when I was grading Nick Singleton, there's a play Nick Singleton, who has 4-3 speed, stretches to the outside and Downs comes from the opposite hash and tackles him in the backfield. Special player. And I I remember watching it as soon as his true freshman year at Alabama cuz we played them in the college college national semi-final that year. And Caleb Downs was freaking everywhere on that defense. So, you're on the clock here. Washington at seven. A couple interesting options, especially knowing they They're sprinting. They're sprinting to take David Bailey here. Yep, I think that would make a ton of sense. Um I'm back on the clock here at number eight overall with the New Orleans Saints. They have been doing a lot of work at wide receiver. And on my personal board, my next rated wide receiver would be McKai Lemon. Now, do I think it's more likely they would probably gear towards maybe a Jordan Tyson, assuming the medicals come back

healthy? Based off the kind of visits they're seeing right now, they did meet with Jordan Tyson. I do think that'd be a possibility. But like I said, this is what I would do. And I think McKai Lemon would be tailor-made to play that slot role for for Kellen Moore. So, I do think Lemon fits the worst. >> Olave. I would have taken Lemon if one of the edges hadn't fallen to the Commanders. Makes sense. I I I think that would So, the Chiefs, I mean, most common pairing are the corners and Bain. Like, most people are going to pair, you know, Mansour Delane, Ruben Bain, or potentially Jer'Zhan Newton. Um I think that this smoke that that some teams are lower on Bain could be true. So, I'm going to let Bain pass here and I'm going to go with the easy kind of chalky pick. The most common pick is is Mansour Delane. You lose Trent McDuffie to the Rams trade and you just replace him here with a top 10 corner who has a lot of experience in big time games against big time competition.

Yep, thanks I think it makes a ton of sense. I think the Bengals were kind of, you know, patiently waiting on who would go between Delane and Bain. And I do think after you get Delane, Ruben Bain would be the next option. Now, I know uh Jer'Zhan Newton ended up testing very well. He ended up doing his workout. I believe he crossed a 438. So, we'll see where he ends up going, but I just really haven't heard the NFL rumors of him being a top 12 pick at this point, outside of maybe going to the Cowboys in some mocks. Yeah, it's it's difficult to figure out with both Bain and Newton, honestly, what the NFL's going to think of these players cuz they could They both One of them, I would bet good money, slides on draft day further than we're thinking. And I'm hoping it's Bain as a Bucks fan cuz I wouldn't mind being in striking distance. Last time we picked 15, we traded up two spots with the 49ers to 13, took Tristan Worths, who was sliding um at that point. And I wouldn't mind

the same exact situation happen with Ruben Bain. But um the Dolphins are one of these teams that is everything they need, so just take the best player available. And to me, the absolute best player on the board is Jamaal McCoy. So, I will I will take Jamaal McCoy here. So, ironically, Jeremiah Love not off the board yet, by the way, by pick 11 here. Which would make sense cuz unfortunately for some NFL teams, like NFL teams will see, "Okay, you can't pass on this talent, but we're in a position where we're like this is a bad football team. I don't want to take what I view as the cherry on top being the running back position in the top 10 when I know so many teams need so much work. Like, the Titans are going to be mocked Jeremiah Love a lot. If I was in their position, I would rather have a number one wide receiver. We go through the other potential spots. Washington, you can make the case, but at the same time, they need a number one pass rusher. I think David Bailey is too

hard to pass at that spot as well. The Giants as well, like, you need an identity leader on that defense. Sunny Styles provides that to you. You could make the case Jeremiah Love would do that on offense, but at the same time, it's hard to pass on a 9.99 RAS freak of nature linebacker like Styles. Not to mention all three of those teams have guys that are capable of carrying the ball and have later picks that they could fill at the running back position with. So, if neither of those three teams take Jeremiah Love, it is possible he slides a little bit here. Um I mean, I wouldn't rule out the the um Browns trying to trade down again knowing that Jeremiah Love is on the board um because I do think that some teams might think that the Rams would take Jeremiah Love if he were on the board at pick number 13 because we know the Rams are kind of just like, "Hey, we'll take the best playmaker on the board whether it's a need for us or not." So, what I'm actually going to do

Well, I'm on the clock, so Oh, you're on the clock. [ __ ] right. I forgot you. I Go ahead. No, I was just going to say like I understand the aspect of trading down, but I feel like if the Browns are in the spot, they would have 12, 20, and 24. And I would feel like they would already get a nice little value on their board with Freeling. I've heard mocks with Freeling going to them at legitimately going six overall. So, a 6'7 SEC tackle it's tough not to have him here, especially knowing that Fano, he's going to get some guard talk, a little bit shorter arms. And I would say the other tackles, Caiden Proctor, a little bit more raw at this point. Uh Vegayone, obviously a clear interior guy. Caleb Blumu, I don't think he's on the level of Freeling. So, I do think they would view Freeling as like the clear best easy projection at tackle on the board. So, I would go that direction. Okay. Um I was going to suggest that the Minnesota Vikings come and trade up for

Jeremiah Love. Um Well, you can do it here. >> Because I mean, I I So, the Rams, like I said, they strike me as the type of team that would just say, "I know we have Kyren, and I know we have Kyron, but I might just take Jeremiah Love here." Um Your call. >> Personally, I think we should do it. I think that the Rams should trade back with the Vikings here. >> Okay. Okay, okay. But, we'll do that. Then, the Vikings are at Yeah, and I will make that trade with you as well. Sure, we'll do that. >> Yeah, they got an extra 18 and 30. So, I mean, like, you give them 82. Do you think that gets it done? It's only a four-spot, five-spot slide down. We'll just say like it's also [ __ ] 183 or something. It's 44 points off, but I'm sure the Rams aren't too hard-pressed to get elite value for a running back at this spot. So, let's just say that happens. >> just here based on who slid to the Rams there, um Lemon was gone, Tate was gone,

um a number of other guys that maybe they would have been interested are off the board. And Downs and >> strike me as maybe being a Concepcion or Omar Cooper over Tyson team. Yeah? Yeah, you're right. Yeah, they might view not a huge difference between the next tier of receivers. Like, they might just be like, "We'll just get we'll get one at 18 if that's what we want to do." Um so, yeah, Jeremiah Love there on the board, and now you're on the board with the Baltimore Ravens. Yeah, and you could go with Rashod Bateman 2.0, elite FSC meme if you guys know the reference there. Um There are a couple of different different directions, but ultimately, I think a tried and true interior plug and play starter like Ione would make so much sense. And when you actually go on the common pairings over on the tool here, um 49% of user mock drafts on the site have actually had the Ravens paired up with Ione. Yeah, I'm hearing a lot of smoke that they could be a Sadiq team for sure. Um

it would make sense. Likely walks in free agency. Mark Andrews is still good, but probably not a full-time player at this point in his career. Um I'm on the board with my own team, obviously. Um I think this is kind of a doomsday scenario, low-key, cuz I I think like best-case scenario for Tampa Bay is one of the corners or Ione or somebody that you can reasonably say, "Hey, this was just best player available, and we had to take him." Slide to us. I would definitely be willing to trade down if any teams wanted to come up. Like, go to the best available guys right now. I just want to see >> going to say like Ty- Tyson, I think would make a a decent trade-up spot because I think there's been rumors the Jets have had some interest in him. So, if a team wanted to jump the Jets, like um there's some rumblings the Eagles kind of met with him. Obviously, A.J. Brown potentially out of the door. That could make sense, especially knowing that the Eagles are more of like a team

that's willing to consolidate into a pick if they view a clear tier jump. And um I'm I'd be down to do a trade with the Eagles. The Eagles once did a trade with us in 1995 that landed us Warren Sapp. So, I'd be I'd they're a good luck trade partner for us. Let's revisit history here. I haven't seen the Tyson and Eagles spot in actual mock draft, but given the fact that the information was provided by Underdog that there are some rumors on the back end they've been doing extensive homework. It could make to the fact that maybe they're a team that tries to get aggressive and you know, go up and get him. So, uh 15, it'll be to 20 or yeah, 15th overall to 23, you would need 290 more points. Probably that pick and maybe >> Three and then like a five or six swap maybe is probably all we would need to do. Jason's not really that picky when it comes to trades. He just kind of likes having volume more so than like getting like the best possible asset.

Like, every if you think of the Josh Allen deal that we did in 2018, we got two second-round picks from the Bills, and the Bills had two first that year. So, he wasn't stingy trying to get second first from them. Yeah, so so we'll just say it's that, about 10 points off. Feels like it makes sense. And then the Eagles would come up here for Tyson, right? I mean, it's your pick. Yeah, yeah. I mean, we've heard some smoke around it. Now, this is a what we would do mock, and we're kind of getting a little lost in the weeds here. I would I have Jordan Tyson, wide receiver three. Would I trade up for him at 15th overall? Probably not, but I do think that Jordan Tyson is worth this pick here. So, I'm cool. I'm cool making the selection. Okay. Yeah, that that I I guess that's also right. Yeah, it is what we would do, but also like >> he's more of like a 20s type of receiver for me. Yeah, fair. Um But, knowing the context of the Eagles, like, he would fit there well. Like,

maybe maybe you would be willing to get him more Yeah, okay, I get it. Um New York Jets on the board here. Um maybe in this scenario, they got sniped on Tyson. What we would do mock I would Tyson is their most common pairing right now, and Ione or whatever the interior alignment is second most common. So, the guys that are the only one that's on the board really is Omar Cooper. And that's honestly where I'm going to go. I'm going to explain it like they just got sniped on Tyson by their board. And honestly, Omar Cooper's not too far off of Tyson on mine. Yeah. Yeah, no, that makes sense. Um So, the most three common pairings for the Detroit Lions are all offensive tackles, whether it's Freeling, Proctor, or Fano. Um I don't know. I'm I'm not going to sit here and pretend that I'm scouting vivid offensive of line tape. But, what I do know is I believe Fano is more projection of a a right tackle than a left tackle, and they intend to move Penei Sewell to to left tackle. So, I'll

take Spencer Fano here, even though I know Proctor has been mocked to them quite a bit as well. Yeah, no, I think that makes sense. I am on the clock here for the Rams. >> the Rams cuz they were pick 13 originally. Yeah, but you went with Jeremiah Love at 13. >> Okay, well then yeah, you can make the Rams pick then. Uh either way though, I think we're kind of leaning in the same direction. Probably they could how good of a fit he would be with the Rams, to be honest. Yeah, he would be a great fit with the Rams. And especially like the stuff that he needs to work on, like the hands, catch point stuff. Adams and Puka, like, you can't get much better. Two great guys to learn from. Yeah, literally. And same with like he his strength his biggest strength is like route running and stuff, which obviously Adams and and Puka can teach him a lot about as well. Um Carolina's in They're one of these teams where you go, "Okay, bad team or whatever." Like, historically, the last couple years,

they haven't been very good. But, then you look up and down the roster, and they're like actually not that bad of a roster. You feel like they don't really need a ton of things. Um I think that they could be the team that does the Kendre Miller thing just because they have they have like guys at tight end, like Mitchell Evans and J.T. Sanders and stuff, but nobody that really stands out. But, what this is a what I would do mock, and I think that Dylan Horton or whatever his name is from Oregon is a guy that gets me really intrigued from the limited, you know, snaps and clips that I've seen of him. He just seems like the rangiest kind of safety in the class. And I do think that on their back end, knowing that you have like a lockdown corner in Horn, having like a ball-hawk type of player would make sense. Yeah, no, I think that makes sense, and we will put him there. Back on the clock with the Browns, we go with Monroe Freeling at the last pick. Again, what we would do mock.

Um So, my best offensive player would be Sadiq, but obviously, you're not going that direction because you do have Harold Landry playing that role on the Browns right now. You could look at an edge rusher. I'm not a big fan of Falcon Mesidor in this range though, unfortunately. Hmm. I like Denzo Boston. I don't love Denzo Boston. So, this also feels a little early for him. Damn, it does feel like um again, kind of on my own doing, considering I had Omar Cooper and Casey Concepcion as my own user picks, but I feel like this would be a scenario where the Browns are like, "Oh [ __ ] we wanted one of those two wide receivers to fall and they both go off the board." So, what would be their pivot here? >> Can I interest you in another offensive tackle? Just because they kind of need two of them. Yeah, let me take a quick look at their depth chart just to confirm. I'm fairly certain that they traded for what's his name? Titus Howard to play my guard. >> Yep. Unless they're going to move him

back into tackle. Yeah, I mean their their offensive line is a [ __ ] nightmare. Holy crap. Dawand Jones, Zion Johnson, they signed Elton Jenkins, so like you have the answer at center. Teven Jenkins has kind of, you know, fallen from grace from where he was at the Bears. Um Could go with another tackle actually. I could I could hear out a Caleb Lomu here actually. Uh experience on both sides. You do have Freeling as well. Yeah, you that that's actually a good suggestion. I think Caleb Lomu would make a ton of sense here. Yeah, I mean this is a meat and potatoes draft for the Browns. Most likely their quarterback and their fun stuff is coming next year. So, Yeah, load up on the O-line. Yeah, get your get your O-line, your D-line, your linebackers, whatever you need to get in this class and then you can have some fun next year adding all the fun pieces. Um And I would be more in on Denzel at 24 than I would at 20 just knowing the fact that the Steelers, maybe they could go with them, the Chargers, the Buccaneers. Like

I would just rather take the chance on him following and just solidify the O-line here. Yeah, and another one of these teams that I just feel very good about the prospect fit as well. It is the most common pairing and I really like McNeil Warren, the safety from Toledo. So, I'll just roll with that. I think that makes a ton of sense. On here with the Chargers next, you could go with an edge rusher on your offensive line. And obviously if, you know, an Ayem Eyioma or something fell, that would be great. Um I also like defensive line here. Hmm. Now, Caleb Banks was projected to go in this range unfortunately though he had a broken foot at the combine. Peter Woods is a guy that's consistently mocked in this area, but I know he didn't really have a good season and he tested >> I don't think he's going to go in the first round at all, to be honest. Yeah, I don't mind that take. Um I think that if they're taking an edge rusher, they would take more of like a Faulk build as opposed to a true,

you know, designated pass rusher archetype. Um It could be a Mazi Smith or team that wouldn't shock me if they like value the experience factor of him as well. Yeah, I'm also looking at interior offensive line cuz theoretically then you would have Biadasz on the on the center, you'd have your two tackles back. Your two other current starters are Trevor Penning and Cole Strange. You get a guy that can play day one guard, I think that would make a ton of sense. I'm between uh Hmm. Do I want to go with the edge rushers >> guards belong to go in the round one though is the only thing. Yeah, I've seen them mocked here. That would be a consideration. We can go back to I'm I'm just not really in love with the edge rushers here. And honestly, actually, I think I'm going to move down the board. And I think I might lean a Malachi Lawrence. Yeah, I mean it's a what we would do mock. If you don't want to take Faulk or any of those guys here, don't. Yeah,

you know what? We're we're we're going to get spicy here. We're going to go with Malachi Lawrence. This is, you know, relatively flat range at at edge rusher in my opinion. Uh so, I'll lean Lawrence here kind of be a little more spicy. Um I know for a fact the Tampa Bay Buccaneers would be fuming in that situation cuz I know that we have been connected to Malachi Lawrence before at the whether it's pick 15 or in a move back scenario like we did here. So, I'm pretty sure they would be quite pissed at what you just did. Um Sorry, Jason. It's a what we would do mock. I'd be very scared that this is Calijah Faulk or Keion White or Mazi Smith in real life. I am not going to take Keion White or Mazi Smith or Calijah Faulk. I would take TJ Oh, okay. TJ Parker. And I will just go with Denzel Boston, I think. 24 is a little more stomachable for for me than the 20 spot and I know that sounds kind of kind of weird cuz it's like it's only a four spot difference, but I can get on

board when you patch both your offensive tackles that you can take your potential long-term number two wide receiver 24 after them. Figure out the meat and potatoes, grab your number two wide receiver after. No, that makes sense. I also just circling back to the Bucks point for a second as well. The TJ Parker selection and not Keion White or Mazi Smith, I think that it's very very unlikely the Bucks are Keion White or Mazi Smith team because all of the tight ends they're meeting with are like Justin Jolly, Joe Royer, like third, fourth if round tight ends as opposed to like the high-end guys. They haven't I don't even think they've met with Keion White or Mazi Smith. So, I don't really see um the fit there now that they extended Kate Otten, which I think would make more sense. Um Bears are on the clock here. What would I do with Chicago? Um I think I mean their most common pairing is the player I just took in TJ Parker. I could see them being like a Caden McDonald

type of team or something like that. I also could see them adding just like like a meat and potatoes Calijah Faulk or whatever. I just don't really like Faulk. Yeah, me neither. Go to the go to the whole board for a sec. I just want to see you like kind of the best players on the board are. Um Ugh. This draft kind of sucks. Um What does their corner position look like? Yeah, so are they in need of a corner at all? Well, Jaylon Johnson was banged up last year a lot, so like it's going to show in the metrics. For example, when we were going through every week, we're like, "Oh yeah, the Bears are a team that we're targeting in the past." It's cuz their number one corner was dealing with a lot of injuries, but outside of that, I mean Kyler Gordon also was dealing with some injuries. He when he's healthy, he's a good player. Tyrique Stevenson, I believe he was the guy that had that meme moment against Washington where he started celebrating early in the road and then Washington hit the

Hail Mary. I believe that was Tyrique Stevenson, right? So, like I would say that this is a pretty strong cornerback core with Jaylon Johnson, Stevenson, and Kyler Gordon, but again, NFL teams don't really think like that. They think as many guys we can have out there that can cover is a good thing. I I'm going to do something that's a little unorthodox. I'm going to take Caden Proctor here. I'm going to view it kind of just as a best player available situation. Ozzy is coming back from an injury who played pretty well for you at left tackle, but you did lose um Dalton to retirement and maybe you see some interior offensive line flexibility with either Caden Proctor or Ozzy or somebody like that and just get your best five out there is the way I kind of look at it. So, I'll just roll with Proctor thinking that maybe he's their long-term left tackle or maybe they can shuffle around their offensive line a little bit and get their best five. Yeah, fair enough cuz keep in mind they

also do have Joe Thuney, Garrett Bradbury, Jonah Jackson in the interior. So, I don't know how big of a pressing need it is, but also >> mean. Like those guys just maneuver them however you feel fit. And also Thuney is a little on the older side as well. So, maybe you're you're kind of planning long-term a little bit with that. Yeah, no, makes sense. What I would do with the Buffalo Bills here. Ha. Um Or is this what I would do in general or what I would do that's like semi-realistic? Um you do whatever you want. You know what I would do in general? What? I would take Keion White or Mazi Smith. Cuz he's the clear best player available. I mean, if you want to, go You need You need weapons for Josh Allen. That's another yard after the catch threat. >> He won't get on the field and in favor of Dawson Knox. Yeah, [ __ ] We'll keep it semi-realistic. I feel like people would come at me with pitchforks if I made that comparison. I think the the realistic option is going with a

linebacker. And honestly >> of the cuz I've actually watched a couple tapes of the linebackers because the Bucks are heavily linked to a lot of them. I Jacob Rodriguez to me is by far the best linebacker on the board. I'm more in on Rodriguez than I am than I am Allen is what I was going to say. So, what we would do, I think linebacker is a realistic position. My own flavor on it would be going with Rodriguez instead of Allen. Yeah, for sure. San Francisco 49ers, this is where Keion White or Mazi Smith is going to come off the board. I love that. Oh my god, that would be crazy. Yeah, it'd be a lot of fun. I mean, it's Keion White or Mazi Smith. I think the Ravens and ton of pressure on you to be great right away. From fantasy perspective, it would maybe bother us a little bit, but year two, year three, I think he would be awesome. I think this would be a perfect scenario because I mean, we've obviously it was a while while back, so keep keep that with a grain of salt, but

we've seen the franchise that is San Francisco being able to run out a mean deadly 12 personnel before if you remember the LaDainian Tomlinson and Vernon Davis days. Yeah. Yeah, I thought you were going to go with Hernandez and Gronk there. I mean, that that that's another obviously prime one before Gronk became a murderer. So, um Yeah. Gronk became a murderer? Uh Gronk, sorry. The other tight end. Hernandez became a murderer? Did Gronk kill someone, too? To be fair, Gronk was murdering linebackers in single coverage, so. Yeah, no, he was. Um this is easy. This guy literally I'm not sure if you've seen a picture of Pregnon. He literally looks like a war turtle. Like like >> hilarious though. He's just a a big pile of meat in the interior offensive line. You go and trade for David Montgomery, go get a big pile of meat to go and [ __ ] create holes for him in the interior. Yeah, I mean their most common connected player is by far Blake Miller. I see him always mocked to the Houston Texans. Um

that is definitely one that I probably would have went with cuz I don't know much about Pregnon, but if he looks like a war turtle, then maybe he's a sick offensive lineman. Bro, I mean here not not a tangent, but look at this dude. I want this guy in the interior of my offensive line immediately. Yeah, it's a large dude. Oh yeah, so we'll go back to the simulator here. Sorry, just had to throw that in there. Um Kansas City Chiefs, you're on the clock here. Um I went with Mansour Delane with my first pick, so we got the corner need kind of out of the way. The Chiefs are kind of the opposite of what I said about the Panthers where you assume the Chiefs are a perennial Super Bowl contender and then you look at the roster and it's not that good. >> Kind of cocky. >> Um they kind of have a bunch of different needs across the board. Um I don't love Well, there is what This isn't what I would do mock. I think this player is a borderline first-round player and I actually have

him ranked over one of the receivers you took already. Ooh. >> Um I don't want to do it cuz I don't think it'll actually happen. Like I would try and keep this relatively reasonable. Um but let's just let the record show that I almost took Elijah Sorrell with the selection. Um Let's go with uh let's go with um uh a defensive lineman here and edge or a D-line. I think I think at some point Mazi Smith is going to come off the board. So, let's take Keeanu Benton to uh to the Chiefs here. Even though I I'm not a huge Mazi Smith guy, uh it's a competitive team that's going to try and win right away and he's a little on the mature older side. Yeah, they've been needing some juice off the edge for a while. Um they got uh by the way, Dolphins got uh McCoy at 11, so I'll keep that in mind. Could go with the wide receiver here. If I'm looking at my board, your highest would be Sorrell. I believe that would also be my highest. I don't know if I

feel comfortable doing that in round one. So, I do think I'm going to pivot off a wide receiver. I think we're going to get a surprise round one wide receiver though. Like the Remember, you know, 2 years ago when we got Pearsall and uh and Leggett snuck in in round one. I wouldn't shock me if like Jeremy Bernard or something or Chris Bell snuck in in round one. Yeah, and this is a what we would do mock. Like even though technically speaking we did take McCoy here at 11. I wouldn't even be opposed to double downing or doubling down, sorry. Their current cornerback core is um Corey, you ready for this? Who? Darryl Baker Jr. Alex Austin in the on the other outside. Jason Marshall Jr. in the slot. Julio Brentz, Ethan Robinson. Um Marco Wilson's there. So, Marco Wilson, you remember being a notorious bust. He's just like a corner that they took. Yeah, if you remember from Florida. Um Storm Duck, A.J. Green. Storm Duck. >> Storm Duck is a fake person. Storm Duck. Uh with that being said, you

took the outside corner with your last pick. I think you go with your nickel corner projection here with Adrian Turrell. Now, obviously he didn't have the greatest pro day. He ended up running, I believe, a 4.6 because he uh had a bad hammy he was running on. But, every tape guy says like this is a mid-4.4 guy when he's fully healthy. And he had, I believe, nine forced uh turnovers this past season in terms of forced fumbles plus interceptions. So, having that type of compete level in your nickel, you have him plus McCoy. Hey, guess what? Maybe teams aren't able to throw on the Miami Dolphins anymore. I feel like every single 30th pick in every NFL draft is a nickel corner. Like think of like Mike Hughes and like uh Noah Igbinoghene. >> Tragic Duffy and [ __ ] yeah. No, I know what you mean. >> I'm on the board with the Patriots here. Um it sounds like they were quite in on a lot of the edge rushers that hit free agency, whether it was like, you know, potentially going after Max Crosby or

like Jaelan Phillips or some of those guys. I think that uh Keildrick Faulk probably needs to come off the board here. So, I'll take him. >> Probably, yeah. Yeah, we could be low on him and also just say, "Hey, he's probably going >> still going to go in round one. Yeah, and uh what we would do mock, you know, I'm kidding. Um although it would be nice if they got a running back. >> fun to do for fantasy to give them Jahmyr Gibbs. I I think it definitely It's more likely that they actually do it than we would. That's a good point. Um Now, if I check their nickel uh their corner depth chart, obviously you lose Tariq Woolen in free agency. Um it's still a strength, obviously. You have, you know, Nick Emmanwori playing your nickel. You have >> Joey Porter too. They resigned him. who who was their starter that took over for uh Witherspoon or Witherspoon Woolen. With that being said though, I do think they could use another corner. Again,

this is just such a stacked roster to the point where it never hurts to just keep replenishing an area of strength, especially knowing, you know, how Mike McDonald does rule. He loves having depth. He loves having positional versatility. He loves having a bunch of packages he can go to on defense. And I think the guy that has been getting a lot of buzz recently at corner has been Christian Gonzalez. He's a potential top 20-25 pick. So, I do think if the Seahawks said, "Hey, we got him at 32. We fill out our position of depth, especially knowing like long-term Witherspoon's going to be on a big deal, but we're going to have to resign Nick Emmanwori. We're going to have to resign Josh Job. We're going to have to resign all these guys." I do think, you know, getting just a talented corner is going to help a lot. Yeah, it wouldn't shock me if he went as high as like San Francisco or something. Um at pick 27. Uh I also think that it's possible that like DeAngelo Pons sneaks into the first

round as well, even though he's an undersized guy. I know there's a lot of people around the league that really like him. Um I also think too the Seahawks could very easily trade out of that pick into the second round. Maybe Maybe the Cardinals want to come up for Tyjae Spears and get a fifth-year option or something like that. That wouldn't shock me either. Yeah, and if this was a what we think would happen mock, maybe that would have happened, but there's no chance either of us are not only taking Tyjae Spears in the first, but trading up to do so. >> So, before you made your pick, I was debating saying, "I'm going to trade into the first round and take Derick Hall." Cuz it's a what we would do mock and I have a top-15 grade on Derick Hall. So, That's a good point. But, overall, you guys can see the fits here. Corey takes Mendoza at one. I go with Ar'vell Reese. We do have Francis Mauigoa. >> If you zoom out, does it show more picks? Um actually, yeah, that could be

a thing if I do that perfect. Okay. Yeah, good comps. Um Mauigoa going third overall to the Cardinals. Patching the offensive line makes sense. Carnell Tate 20% um top-five rate. He's a top-five sleeper is what it's coded as. Meaning that people probably just have him going pen to paper at number six to the Browns. So, I like mixing it up cuz I do think the Titans do need a Carnell Tate. We'll see if they end up going that way. It does sound like it's probably going to be Love, but again, what I would do, I would grab my number one wide receiver for the future cuz I need Cam Worthy to pay off. Yeah. No, yeah, he you definitely need a number one receiver there. All these other picks, I mean, some of the chalky ones you see DeLane, Sunny Styles, David Bailey relatively chalky. The Caleb Downs trade, obviously, that's something that you would do as a Cowboys fan and also it there is some smoke that the Browns want to get out of that pick, especially knowing that their most

common uh person that they get linked to is Carnell Tate and he would be off the board in that scenario. Yeah, well, exactly. Let's just say like they would stick and pick at six if Tate was there, but when Tate goes and their fallback option would be moving down. And like I mentioned with Dallas, like if you can get one of Downs, Bailey, DeLane or Bains, I feel like you're leaving that first round feeling very good because there are rumblings right now that the Cowboys are just not really too keen on the Gervon Dexter knee injury. Um our knee doctor is like the notorious knee doctor in the NFL who basically has inklings and information on every single person's knee, it feels like. Dr. Dan Cooper. Yeah, he does every knee reconstruction surgery or whatever, yeah. I mean, we did three trades in here too. Like I think the Caleb Downs trade is really spicy. The Jeremiah Love sliding a little bit and the Vikings getting aggressive for him is a little spicy. The Jordan Addison thing, like we kind of made reference to

was a rumor that came out today, where, you know, A.J. Brown's got one foot out the door already. Eventually, he's going to get traded, whether it's I actually tend to think like the last time A.J. Brown was traded was the night of the draft and it wouldn't shock me if at pick 31 the Patriots trade pick 31 for A.J. Brown. Yeah, or that maybe it happens like post-June 1st and they do it with 27 capital. Like I can see either scenario happening. >> thought process is isn't there a way that the capologists can designate the trade not be official until June 1st? I thought there was a way that they could do that. I mean, I guess, but then you're kind of getting in like the NBA range, where it's like for example, you'll see in the NBA teams will trade a player on draft night and he'll walk out with the team who traded him's hat. Right, yeah, like the Rivers and Manning situation. Well, like I remember a couple years ago the Lakers traded the pick that ended up being De'Andre Hunter

in the Anthony Davis deal and he came out with a Lakers hat on. I'm like, "Bro, you're not you're not on the team. Like let's be real." Yeah, no. The this um the hottest take that we had here is Jacob Rodriguez in the first round. I'm telling you guys, I think this is going to happen. I think not only could Jacob Rodriguez go in the first round, it wouldn't shock me if Anthony Hill Jr. from Texas went in the first round also. There's been rumblings with the Cowboys and Rodriguez in round one. So, I don't think like having him at 26 is a hot take, but apparently 20 spots ahead >> He's ranked like 60. That's wild, yeah. I mean, like >> cuz his only flaw was testing and he tested well. Yeah, he tested well and the guy had like some of the best ball production at linebacker we've seen in the draft. >> Dude, his coverage was insane. I don't understand Like I Like this is maybe a hot take as a Bucs fan here. I would

rather take Jacob Rodriguez at 15 than take Keildrick Faulk at 15. I I'm on the same page. I'd rather take I'd rather take Rodriguez at 20 than I would Faulk at 20. Now, I would rather take neither of them at 12 because if we took one at 12, I would feel like, "Ah, [ __ ] We just missed out on Downs and DeLane and [ __ ] Bains." And I would feel very sad, but um in terms of the ultra fallback option, I think it would make sense. Well, last time you guys picked 12 and you thought you missed out on everyone, I think that worked out pretty well for you cuz uh you wanted Jaycee Horn and Patrick Surtain and you ended up getting Micah Parsons instead. And last year too, we picked 12 and I'm like, "Ah, [ __ ] We took [ __ ] Tyler Booker." And he ended up being one of the best [ __ ] players in the draft in year one. Yeah, no, that was pretty crazy. Um anyways, uh that is our mock. Uh shout out to what is the site called? Underdogmockdraft.com. Lots of cool tools. Um we usually use

PFF simulator, but um Hayden Winks and the guys at Underdog built this one and it's it's a lot more fun, honestly. Like the data, the most common pairings, the uh stuff that the feedback you get on the screen there, like the the common pairings, the uncommon, the hot takes, the reaches, all that kind of stuff is makes things more fun. And there's like, I don't know, thousands of mock drafts being done on this thing now. So, we get a lot more information uh about, you know, what players are going where and whatnot. So, appreciate you guys for tuning in. Let us know what you thought of it. A little bit weirder, a little bit wackier than most of the mocks you guys are probably used to seeing. Uh, but let us know. We're having fun here. We're not draft analysts. We're not going to dig into the intricacies of Caleb Lomu's tape right now, but uh, we're having some fun making some team pairings. We are What are we? 2 weeks away from uh, the NFL draft, 13 days

away from the NFL draft. So, lots of fun. Appreciate you guys. Like, comment, subscribe. If you're fantasy players, check out all of the other content we put out here. Yeah, for sure. With that being said, peace out. Enjoy your guys' days. You creep me out. You creep me out. You creep me out. You creep me out. You creep me out. You creep me out.
