2026 rookie running back rankings. Now, I will warn you guys ahead of time, this class kind of stinks the big one. It's not uh it's not great. It's not a great running back class. However, we do have an absolute mammoth human being at the top of the class that helps uh cushion the blow a little bit for what's to come for the rest of this video. But here's the thing. Even in bad running back classes, you think of the Jonathan Brooks Trey Benson class, you still got Bucky Irving out of that class. You still got Tyrone Tracy out of that class. You got some guys even like a Blake Cororum that have proven um something in the NFL. So even though this class might not be the greatest at the running back position, inevitably we will get a couple of gems that come out of it. 100%. U and it's funny because it always seems to be that case in a bad class that you'll just have some random, you know, elite talent emerge. The one thing I keep reminding myself of is the 2013 class where everybody after it

happened was, "Oh my god, this is one of the worst class of all time." end up having the arguably the best tight end talent of all time in that class, then the perennial wide receiver one with Keenan Allen. So, it's like even when classes are bad on face value, admittedly, even outside of those two players, 2013 was still in a horrific NFL draft class, >> you do find those diamonds in the rough. >> Yeah, for sure. One guy that we do expect to be quite good in his NFL career is Jeremiah Love. Explosiveness, receiving threat, instincts, running back tools, contact balance. He has everything. He's got size. He's got three down ability. He's got 43 speed. There's literally nothing he doesn't have. As far as like how does he stack up to the likes of Bejian Robinson, Christian McCaffrey, Saquon Barkley, those type of prospects. Um floor-wise, we're looking at like worst case scenario, he's Travis ETN. Median-wise, he is very comparable as a prospect to

Ashen Genty last year. The only difference being that he played against like better competition and if he falls outside of the top 10, Genty and him will almost be exactly the same caliber prospect. But if he goes inside the top 10, we're looking more so at like Bejian Robinson, Christian McAffrey, and those guys being his comparable prospects. Like any weaknesses that you saw like for for me at times he didn't run with like excellent pad level chaotic movements at times. I think pass protection will be a little bit of a learning curve, but generally speaking, we're looking at a guy whether he goes to the Titans at four, to the Giants at five, to the Commanders at seven. That will end up being probably one of the best running backs in the NFL for years to come. >> Yeah, I mean, he checks all the boxes like you said. We can nitpick some, you know, chaotic movement like you said, pad level at times, like you said, pass protection. There are some lapses in terms of diagnosing, but when it comes

to just playing the position at all three levels as a receiver, as a between the tackles runner, and as a home run threat, he is elite at all three aspects. >> Yeah. No, again, like there's nothing we really have to say about Jeremiah Love. He is the number one running back, the number one player in this entire 2026 NFL draft. Regardless of what landing spot he goes to, you're taking him 101. So, um, that player aside, uh, the debate and the conversation is going to come, especially probably in the 2 to six range, I would imagine, of this class because beyond that, we're talking day three guys. We probably will see someone emerge from this territory. We just don't really know who it'll be. In both of our rankings, I believe we have Jonah Coleman, a running back from the University of Washington, formerly of Arizona, as the running back two in this class, even though most NFL draft scouts and most other people would probably prefer Jadarian Price. Oh, I will say

postdraft >> the same grade for me. Spoiler >> post draft, I do imagine we'll have Price too, just because Price is being projected to go in the second round, maybe the third round at worst. Whereas Coleman, we've seen him slide to day three in numerous mocks that we've done. But on just the player, the guy that we saw on tape, contact balance is an absolute strength of his. He's an absolute hos. He's built like a brick [ __ ] house. He's 220 plus pounds. Has great receiving ability and nice receiving profile even despite the size that he has. Really good instincts. He's got refined tools, refined vision, refined uh patience. Elusiveness is a strength. Size, pass protection, definitely a strength. He actually talked about that at his podium session at the combine that you got to protect the quarterback when he's uh making as much money as he is. The big issue for Jonah Coleman and why he's probably going to slide into round three, maybe even to day three of the NFL draft is he

doesn't really possess a ton of elite traits. He's pretty much good at everything. And the big thing here is that we don't know how fast he is. the 0 to10 acceleration. We don't know how good of an athlete this guy is. And in 2025, his season kind of tapered off because he got banged up at the end of the year. Whereas in his previous college seasons, he had finished the year, been a really solid back. And we both have, you know, kind of like um physical back comparisons here. I have Javvante Williams, who's not the fastest guy in the world either. You have Doug Martin, who also I don't believe ran super super fast, but was very >> You have a cowboy. I have a buck. Go figure. >> Yeah. Literally, I It's funny we [laughter] went went inverse order there, but you look at the traits grade there, 32.1%. Now, that includes both his onfield athletic traits that, you know, yards after contact per attempt for his career, elusive rating, all that kind of stuff, 100th percentile. Like,

that proves to you that he's a good enough athlete on the field. So, whether he would have ran, let's say, 462 at the combine or something like that, we know that watching this guy's tape, he's good enough as an athlete to translate to the next level. We also just did this with his median projection Cam Scaboo at the NFL level. Everybody overthought Cam Scataboo's tape as well. >> 100%. And obviously, you know, there's context for why we're maybe a little bit lower going forward with Scataboo with the ankle or with the foot injury that he suffered. But all that being told, the NFL was clearly wrong allowing him to fall to the fifth round. Cam's got a starting running back before he got hurt and that's not usually what you expect from a fifth round pick. So, although Jonah Coleman is probably going to go on early day three, again, I'm not seeing a lot of buzz with him going in the round two, round three portion. If he does, he would be the no-brainer RB2 for me

personally, just based off the all-around skill set that he provides. Um, but the fact of the matter is, like you said, his prospect profile is very comparable to Cam Scataboo. We were more so talking about Cam Scataboo as like what, the RB6, the RB7 in last year's class. So, it kind of shows you that we're kind of missing that, you know, middle chunk of the top five that we had last year. The bright side with Jonah Coleman versus Scataboo. And this would have been true of Scataboo as well for what it's worth. And if you guys watch last year's 2025 running backs to Target and Avoid, I literally hammered the table to draft camp Scataboo in every single league because even with it was fourth round capital, not fifth round capital. Even with fourth round capital, he was still >> ranking amongst the likes of Judkins and Henderson as far as what caliber of prospect he was. And again, I've said this stat before, the only have a 75% plus FSE grade, which is what Jonah

Coleman currently has with projected what? 71st overall draft capital, which I would say is probably on the high end of what he's going to end up getting. You go outside of the top two rounds, 75 plus FSE grade, it's just Alvin Kamar and Jonah Coleman. So again, if he slides to day three, he'll be very comparable to Cam Scaboo, an absolute smash in all rookie drafts. especially if he slides to day three. I would imagine in most rookie drafts he'll be a mid-second round pick, maybe later. Like we're not going to be talking about this guy as like a late one if he goes in the in the fourth round and there's a bunch of receivers in this class that get round two draft capital, top 50 draft capital. So again, Coleman's one of these guys where wherever he ends up going in rookie drafts, I'm all in. Whether it's he does get the second or third round capital and I have to take him at the back of the first or if he goes in the day three portion, I got to take him in the second round.

>> Yeah. Yeah. And I almost feel like the head of the Jo Jonah Coleman fan club of the last few years. So, it's just it's fun seeing the season that he was able to put on despite what I would say is um what what's a nice way of putting it, Cory? An inconsistent Washington offensive line this year. >> Yeah, very very inconsistent Washington offensive line. He's he's truly one of those guys that obviously there's a a film breakdown for every single prospect that we're breaking down today on the site in the Dynasty Wall Street Journal. So the player card that you see here where Jonah Coleman it says prospect video. If you click on that play button you get to go see me and Danny break him down for 30, you know, minutes or whatever on his film, he is truly one of those guys you do have to watch the film on both at Arizona and at Washington because he's just proven himself time and time again to be a refined NFL caliber running back and he's not

getting the requisite draft capital projection that I thought he was going to. Because if he went to the combine, ran a 452 or something, checked the box, then he needed to check for the speed, he probably would be a top 75 NFL draft pick, but now knowing that he didn't test at his proday, didn't test at the combine, I think it's very possible he does slide to day three >> and he should be, you know, a round two pick by all of our estimations. We both have him with the top 50 grade. Um, we also thought, you know, for example, Cam Scataboo was a lot better than his draft capital. But unfortunately, the part of the NFL that we hate to admit is that they look strictly for tangible traits. And although I think Coleman has find tangible traits, it's not like he's going to blaze a 435. It's not like he's going to jump 38 in in the vertical. It's not like he's going to crush the broad jump. It's not like he's got those, I would say, aesthetically

eyepopping stats. Like for example, when we talked in the wide receiver episode, how like Jordan Tyson has the aesthetic of those number one wide receivers. Unfortunately for Coleman, he doesn't really have the aesthetic that teams look for with a starting running back. Not even a starting running back, but more so a running back that they want to build their franchise around. I think that's the pause in the NFL side. But with that being said, we can still appreciate the film and what he's able to do on it. >> Yeah. And he checks, more importantly, he checks the boxes for fantasy football, right? Like he checks the David Montgomery, Levian Bell, Kairen Williams, guys. Cam Scataboo that don't have elite speed that do end up hitting for fantasy and that's ultimately what we think of Coleman. So Jadarian Price is the guy that I do expect to go somewhere. >> He's the traits guy. >> Yeah, he's the traits guy and I also do expect him to go somewhere in the second

round I would say. I don't think he's going to sneak into round one if he does. Obviously that really helps the class out in general. Um but he's a challenging profile as we've talked about because when you watch the film, another guy that I would suggest you watch our film breakdown on because you have to watch the film with this guy. like the profile doesn't look good because he's in the same backfield as the best running back in this class. One of the best five prospects of the last 10 years at the running back position, but the instincts are really solid. The vision, he hits the hole, he's decisive, he has great contact balance for a guy who weighed in at like 203 lbs. He's very creative. He has great onfield athleticism and speed. Even though he ran a 449, both of us expected him to run faster than that because on field he truly looks like he has potential like 439, 442 type of speed. He has size, he has toughness. The weaknesses are that he was never the starter. He doesn't

have any real receiving production on his profile. But again, when you watch him actually catch the ball, you look like there's a little bit more meat left on the bone for him to do it more. And then pass protection was an issue. And he also tore his Achilles in 2022. So, you have to worry maybe long-term uh healthwise what he would look like with an NFL workload. But he profiles just like all these other backs who had other backs in their backfield. You think of your Josh Jacobs, your Sony Michelle's, your Miles Sanders. He's just as good of a prospect as those guys. >> Yeah. And it's so funny because we're talking about a guy with a limited overall workload. And I would say that arguably his biggest calling card is just how naturally instinctive he is as a runner. He always sees it and he always is able to take the most efficient path to get there. Yeah. No, that's the challenging thing about a guy like this because Jadarian Price was a four-star recruit. He was a

top 10 running back recruit in his class and the path that it took him in his college career was he tore his Achilles very early. Jeremiah Love comes in. Jeremiah Love was a slightly better recruit and obviously healthy. They also had Audrey Esté who was a fifth round pick to the Denver Broncos but actually probably a slightly better prospect than that had he tested better than like a 47 that he ended up running. He was a very productive college running back. in the last 10 years. Audrey estimates PFF rushing grade is like seventh in PFF history in the last 10 years. So like he was a really good back that Jaren Price was dealing with at the college level. And again, obviously once he tears his Achilles, Jeremiah Love comes in and that was pretty much curtains. But you can understand why he was a high recruit when you watch him run the ball. You can understand why he did get his opportunities even despite playing with two NFL caliber running backs and love being, you know, potentially the fourth

pick in the draft or whatever. So, uh, Price very clear why he should go in the second round when you watch the tape, but I will say his profile is worse than Coleman's. Like, it's not close. Like, the tape I thought was slightly better than Coleman, but Coleman's profile is like, if you combine these two running backs, we're talking about a tier two at the top of this class where it's Love and then Cole Price. >> Well, well, that's what I mean. They have the exact same grade for me and got there in completely different ways. with Jadarian Price. It's like he's got the NFL traits like I mentioned earlier to be a legitimate franchise running back. The elusiveness, the ability to absorb contact, the ability as a uh in terms of his spatial instincts, the breakaway rate. Like I understand that he was never tasked with being a full-fledged starting running back, but it's hard to do that when Jeremiah loves in front of you. And obviously, like we can't really

make excuses because we could do that for a lot of people in this class. But I do think if we had Jadarian Price in, let's just say another top 10, top 15 college football team, he would make them one of the playoff favorites last year. >> Absolutely. Yeah, he he was he absolutely could have carried more of a workload. But again, you can't project that going forward because how many examples of players do we have where they didn't carry a big workload in college and then they end up carrying a big workload in the NFL? It doesn't really exist. Like Alvin Chimera did it obviously even even Chimera had to be limited to some degree during his prime with the Saints. So, it's something that we absolutely have to worry about. My comp for him was Sony Michelle, who um was a better college running back, admittedly, than he ended up being in the NFL. But I also think like Josh Jacobs is the ultimate ceiling because that's a one of the only examples of a guy who did not carry a big workload in

college, who did end up carrying a big workload in his NFL career. So, uh Josh Jacobs, I think, is the ceiling there, but price a little smaller than Jacobs, which worries me a little bit. And then my comp, uh, obviously different college profile because he's very productive at Ohio State, although he did have that one down near there. But JK Dobbins, another Achilles tear running back. And I do think stylistically there's a lot of comparables there. >> Yeah. No, they play a lot alike there. So the next tier of running backs we have, it's a little bit of a difference in our specific rankings cuz I have top 75 grades. like I would spend a third round pick on both of these Penn State running backs, Kron Allen and Nicholas Singleton, whereas you see them more as like kind of three, four turn guys and lumped in with the next group of running backs that we're going to talk about in a second. But yeah, um ultimately I think it would be hypocritical if we didn't have Kron Allen ahead of

Singleton when it comes to just ranking these two Penn State running backs because this season Kron Allen certainly was the better of the two. Has the vision, has the patience, very solid footwork, he has size, he has goal line ability. Yeah, he was just durability uh durability out the wazoo. The production profile is pretty solid. When you factor in that this is a player that had 20 plus receptions every year of his college career despite sharing the field with Nicholas Singleton, who was the number one overall recruit, five-star guy in his recruiting class. Katron Allen though, a four-star recruit in his own right. The only issue for Katron Allen is the exact same issue we have for Jonah Coleman, which is that we don't know how high his ceiling is because he doesn't have top end speed. And he also didn't show us what his speed was because he didn't do any testing either. So the the foot quickness and the receiving ability, I would say receiving ability is a weakness only because he doesn't look

like he's going to be a huge receiving >> like a dump off guy. Yeah. >> Yeah. But he did actually have a nice receiving profile as far as when you contextualize who he played with in Singleton and how much production he actually had. But when you watch him actually catch the ball, you go, "Okay, he's not going to be a threat as a receiver." >> Yeah, that's kind of where I'm at with him, too. um very very aggressive as a pass blocker and obviously there were scenarios too where he would you know make his block in the [ __ ] uh flow of the offense um the reads downfield weren't there and he would catch a checkdown like that was kind of the basis of what he was doing as a receiver he wasn't out there like for example um >> running you know Texas breaking angles or anything >> well yeah I was thinking some of the receiving backs in the class we haven't talked to like EMTT Johnson for example had a much more versatile router I mean

heck we talked about Jeremiah love at the top hey as the lead of a runner as he is, the usage as a receiver is just like you're not ever going to get that from Katron Allen, but you are just going to get a very very good productive piece of an NFL backfield. Uh my conform wasn't Isaiah Crowwell. I do think ultimately he's going to be a part of a committee and he could be the hammer of that committee. With Isaiah Crowwell, you had a couple seasons of over 195 carries. uh one year with 40 receptions like I don't really think Kron Allen can get to 40 but at the same time the other two years in his career 2821 if he got put into a role where he could be a team's RB1 maybe they haven't drafted their franchise option yet I can see a similar you know 230 240 touch workload in the spot >> yeah I think um you think of the Minnesota Vikings they could maybe use an early ball carrier the Houston Texans have David Montgomery but long term I think Kron can kind of like grow into

the role of the David Montgomery uh situation we both have Dallas listed to hear Javvante Williams sign an extension, but longterm maybe they would move to Kron Allen if Javvante kind of wears down. I think the Commanders had a guy like this and Brian Robinson who they jettisoned randomly before the season only to trust a guy who wasn't really trustworthy. Um but yeah, Kron Allen definitely um a pretty nice profile. Like I said, I think this is kind of your Caleb Johnson, Kendre Miller uh type of running back. Now that sounds bad, but also sometimes you get Kareem Hunt out of this. So that's that's kind of the the give and take here is that yes, he could be Kendre Miller, he could be Audrey Estay, he could be Caleb Johnson, but he could also be Kareem Hunter, David Montgomery. >> Also, the subtle jab from Cory at Jakori Crosky. Merritt, this man hates JCM. >> I mean, JCM hates Bill. I I don't care what anyone says. Um, >> it's a it's a long rooted beef.

>> It is a long rooted beef. Let's talk about the other Penn State running back, Nicholas Singleton, who is literally the first sentence of the write up there says it all. The ultimate wild card of the 2026 running back class. pure potential here and pure traits. He didn't get to test cuz he broke his foot at the bowl, but he has elite speed. He has 43 legitimate speed. He was the fivestar number one recruit for a reason. He has workhorse size. He's above 220 plus pounds. His receiving profile is exceptional. He had what a 50 target season in 2024. He has toughness. He has uh the production profile uh early on in his career. He rushed for like a thousand yards his freshman season. that Nicholas Singleton, like literally go watch his freshman season highlight tape and tell me you wouldn't think that this is easily the second best running back in this class. The problem for Singleton is he was this Devi Darling, illustrious freshman season and never developed as a vision

instinctual runner beyond that and also had some durability issues, the foot uh being a problem obviously coming off the Senior Bowl and like the creativity, the falloff generally from a production standpoint. fact that they chose Penn State to give um Kron Allen more work as the careers went along just proves that Kron was more reliable. And if you combine them, like if you had Nicholas Allen here uh or Katron Singleton, we're talking about again easily the second best running back in this class. >> Katron Singleton might be a Hall of Fame name. I can't lie. That is fire. >> Kron Singleton. That guy's a first ballot gold jacket player. >> We had no idea who to compare this player to. Like I went faster Olly Gordon and you went Bree Hall super light. Like there's no comparison for a prospect like this. >> Let let me give some context to that. So um obviously it's more so the tangible traits you know the you know fringe 220 lbs overall size frame um the breakaway

ability and on top of that too if you guys actually look back at Breece Hall with with Iowa State his final year was only 2.83 yards after contact per attempt. And I would say that's the one thing that I'm very very upset with Nick Singleton about is that he just doesn't break off contact like you want at that frame. He tries to play at times like he's 190 pounds and it's like dude you're 220. You were the number one recruit. Go [ __ ] put your shoulder down and finish that goddamn run. Learn from Katron Allen. He's in your same backfield. [laughter] >> You know what's a weird comp that kind of makes sense to me? cuz that was my biggest irritant with another highly decorated prospect, high recruit. >> Naji Harris was the same way too coming out of Alabama where I'm like, why don't you [ __ ] bowl over somebody? Why are you trying to go around everybody? He's like fast Naji Harris kind of. >> Fast Naji Harris here. Hey, >> I mean, fast Naji Harris would be a sick

prospect. >> Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I'm like, yo, that guy might be like kind of generational low key. >> Yeah. Well, like again with all five of these guys, to me, these are very clearly the top five running backs in the class. And we'll talk about Emtt Johnson, Mike Washington in a second, who are definitely like right there with them as far as like the capital they're expected to get, some of the redeeming qualities they have. But just from a pure like could you play running back in a three down workhorse role in the NFL on your best case scenario, to me, these are the five guys. And Coleman and Price, they have a chance to go in the first round of rookie drafts, maybe the early second round depending on Coleman's draft capital. Kron Allen and Singleton will probably be a staple of like the second round of rookie drafts. But again, when you go back over the last three, four years of college careers of all of these players, we would have said Kron Allen and Singleton

should be near the top of this class. And that's what I don't want to get away from to some degree because I do think ultimately in the right landing spot where they can be coached up, Singleton can figure out some of that stuff hopefully Kron can maybe add uh some elements to his game that can make him a more complete back. And I want to take shots on these players. So, moving into the C tier, these guys are, I would say, some of the more buzzy name. Not Claybourne because I have Claybornne a little higher than than you do, and we'll talk about that in a second, but Emtt Johnson and Mike Washington are definitely two of the buzzier names. And there's many people out there, I would imagine, that would say they would take Emtt Johnson over Kron Allen. They would take Mike Washington over Nick Singleton, etc. Let's talk about Johnson first and why we're a little lower on the talent. like these are combined like our top 100ish graded talents here where late third, early fourth kind of uh

players we would be taking here. EMTT Johnson, the receiving ability is definitely off the charts. The profile is really great. He has, you know, good elusiveness generally on tape. The creativity is there. He's a solidish athlete on film. He didn't test super super well. He ran a 456. He's, you know, just north of like 200 lb here. And the production profile is solid. The problems that you and I both had with EMTT Johnson on film was his pass protection was mediocre to say the least. Vision and patience. He was missing cut back lanes. He wasn't always reading the defense super well. And I don't think he plays super well through contact. So where we push back on EMTT Johnson is people calling him the next Bucky Irving who is much better through contact, much better at reading a defense, much better at uh seeing uh holes open up, tempoing his runs and stuff. And I just didn't think I I saw like the type of size and strength that an NFL uh coach would say, I'm giving

this guy a full workload. >> He's elusive. He's he can catch passes, but he's also not the biggest home run threat. Again, evidenced by the 456, he doesn't accept contact. Well, evidenced by the fact that when you look at his yard after contact per attempt on uh PFF, for example, 2.95 yards yards after contact per attempt. I just mentioned how that was an issue with Nick Singleton. At least with Nick Singleton, you had the years over three, 3.54 two years ago, 4.58 obviously as a freshman, which >> he also has a size and strength that he could get better in that area, too. >> Yeah. So, ultimately, when I'm looking at Johnson, it's like, yeah, you got that clear skill set. You're going to make it into the top 10 because of that, >> but what can you do outside of that? What can you do as a between the tackles player? He's also terrible as a pass blocker. Is he going to even be trusted to be a team's full third down back? Like there are a lot of issues with this

profile to the point where there is some people in the crowd that will say, "Well, Emma Johnson, he's got a three down profile. He's my RB3 in the class." And to me, the tape just screams a guy that doesn't really know how to play between the tackles yet. >> Yeah. And I think, you know, Taj Spears, uh, you have Duke Johnson listed here, Kenneth Gainwell, we just saw a nice >> All relevant in fantasy, by the way. >> Exactly. Yeah. All relevant fantasy players. But I, again, this is the thing that I keep coming back to. when you don't have the size, you don't really have the contact balance, you don't really have refined instincts, patience, tempoing your runs, etc., following your blocks, there's there's lapses there, and it's evidenced by the fact that he was only a one-year starter. When you think of uh early down ball carrying in a four-year career, he only was a one-year starter this year. Was very productive in that year, but Dante Dael,

who's going to be like a day three back next year, um started over him at uh at Nebraska before transferring away. I just look at a guy who the NFL coach is never going to go, I want this guy as my three down workhorse. It's just not going to happen in my opinion. He's going to be a role player. He's going to get on the field. He's going to be maybe a committee RB1 best case scenario. You mix him in with like let's he goes to a team that has like an AJ Dylan type a bruiser type of running back. Maybe he could be the lead back. Maybe he could be like DeAndre Swift to Kyle Maneni best case scenario. But that that I do think is the the ultimate ceiling for him. I don't think he'll ever be like an RB1 fantasy producer. I think he could he could rip off an RB2 season or two. >> Yeah. And I feel like the people that are high on him are like, "Oh, well, what if he's the next Aaron Jones?" Well, Aaron Jones was a tough [ __ ] divide despite his size.

And I would say that's probably the biggest con for me at least with EMTT Johnson is finish physically between the tackles. Aaron Jones did that time and time again despite a small stature. You're not seeing that with EMTT Johnson on film. >> Yeah. And again, another one of these guys that watch the prospect video, you'll see what we're talking about. But we break down exactly what we're talking about when we say vision lapses, patience, tempoing. We we literally show you examples of us uh basically with those critiques because we could say that and you can just take our word for it or you could see us actually talk about it. So that's why uh the Wall Street Journal is a good resource. Uh Mike Washington here, the buzziest for sure name of all of this group because of the wicked 433 speed at the size profile that he has at 223 pounds, 6 foot1. Um the size, the goal line work is definitely a strength. That's how he would definitely make his hey as an NFL

running back is being, you know, an early down ball carrier getting those goal line carries. He has a big powerful frame. Uh I did like some of the receiving production that he put out there. Good toughness. I think he finishes his runs, >> but pretty much everything else about the running back position, his instincts, his elusiveness, his pass protection. I don't think he's a particularly creative running back. the fact that it took him five years um and his third school really to actually produce at a high level. Like when him and uh Seth uh was it Seth McGawan were both at New Mexico State in 2024, Seth McGown outproduced him across the board. They actually had the exact same number of carries and Seth McGowan averaged like a a yard and a half extra yards per carry than Mike Washington did. So for me, I just think this is a developmental player who's already a little bit older and between the years maybe he has some, you know, issues there. So I view him kind of as like a dart throw upside

ceiling play. Raheem Sanders, you have Isaac Gerendo here. I think that those are both apt comparisons. Maybe >> this is the best case scenario for me. He's Isaiah Pacheco. He has the speed, he has the size, he takes over a workload, rips off one RB1 season, and that's kind of the best you get out of him. >> I will say the one area that I I feel like we we disagreed is that I did think he had better patience. I did think he had better rushing instincts than you did, hence the the the wide discrepancy in the grade. And I guess you gave him the elite trait just being the size and speed. My argument there would be like in terms of tangible football traits, there isn't really like a huge thing that he does extremely well. There's not the receiving calling card. There is not the contact balance calling card. There's not the eluseness calling card. So that's the big discrepancy in our grades is you gave the four an elite trait. I gave the four extra in terms of

his instincts. >> Yeah. Yeah. It was uh the the biggest problem for me, if I can explain that cuz I I am the one who broke down his film breakdown cuz he was one of the later prospects. So, the two of us weren't both on that video. Um I broke down a couple of clips where Mike Washington was, you know, let's say stretching a run to the outside when he should have bent it inside. He wasn't following his blocks. He wasn't um you know, taking that extra step, slowing down, gearing down for a second, and then hitting the hole. It was very much I'm faster than you. I'm going full speed all the time. >> Yeah. Um, I would say tempoing is probably like the issue there. But I also just think like he he saw the field relatively well. >> I think vision was not really an issue necessarily. It was more like the nuances of decision making of playing the running back position. Whether to tempo, whether to stop for a second, whether to bend that run, whether to go

right side of your offensive line, left side, like it was just the the decision making, which needs to be quick processing for a running back. And as a five-year player, as a fifth year senior, I need to see you do that faster. >> Yeah. I'm on the same I'm on the same page overall in terms of Mike Wash. It's just that's the one area I gave him more benefit of the doubt. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Um Deont Claybornne for you is definitely not >> That's your guy. >> Yeah, he's a my guy. He's a certified my guy. So, I'll take it away with with Clayborn. Why I really liked him. Yeah. >> Um four-star recruit. Came in started pretty much every year of his career. Definitely his final two years, 2024 and 2025 his best. The big thing for Claybourne is his 2024 season was so so much better than his 2025 season because in his three-year career prior to 2025, never fumbled the ball, very few drops, very reliable, elusive, explosive. You see that 4-37 that he ran at the

combine, great receiving traits, decisiveness, tempo I thought showed up on his tape as well. And he was very productive. I think on the ceiling end, you know, you see the ceiling as Bucky Irving. I'm not necessarily saying he could be that. I do think he would be more of like your he gets on the field like a Kenneth Gainwell early in his career. Maybe he carves out a larger role beyond that. The cons being that he is undersized. He's, you know, 200ish pounds at best if he could bulk up to that, but he's 190 right now. He lacks some contact balance. The pass protection was definitely a big time issue for him. And he did have some lapses in vision. And specifically this year, there was a lot of mental errors. There was a lot of drops. There's a lot of fumbles, a lot of um mistakes, which you don't like to see. But two full years as a starter, 60 plus targets of receiving production over the last two years and a lot of workload on the ground. That's something that you can't

really teach when you combine that with the speed that he has. >> Yeah, I'm just when I look at the metrics, it doesn't really point him a good way. Like he never topped over 3.2, four yards after contact per attempt. The missiles force for being an elusive back just weren't up to par with some of the better elusive backs that we've seen come out. Overall, when I'm looking at Demong Clayborn, I just see an NFL role player like my comp was a guy like Jaden Blue who, you know, he's exciting. He's got, you know, that elite level speed, but is he really going to be more than maybe a 8 to 10 touchback of the NFL? I guess that's my concern for Demand. >> Yeah, I think he's he's just he has more of a well-rounded profile than a lot of the other backs in this class. And if this class was better, I probably wouldn't care as much about Demand Claybourne. But there's not a ton of guys in this class that get me truly excited as guys that could maybe carve

out a 1A role in a back field. And I do think like there are some similarities to Bucky Irving. Multi-year starter, four um you know, fourstar recruit coming out. Uh undersized. >> I don't think he sees the >> Sorry, I don't think he sees the field nearly as well as my issue. Like >> in 24 I thought he did. In 24 I thought he did. >> Yeah. like my instincts vision like the issues that you had with Mike Washington. I had far more with the Montborn personally. >> Yeah, I think that's fair. I think that's totally fair. Um, moving into the next tier running backs, we have a couple guys we could kind of rattle through a little bit more. Um, your guy I'll let you spend a little bit more time on because Adam Randor, a guy that you have as a top six running back in the class. >> Man, this guy is exciting because he just started playing running back this past year. So, obviously, you know, some of the mental stuff, instincts, vision, I only gave a four and a half out of

7.5. Pass blocking definitely a concern in the in the profile. And on top of that, like I said, not like mounting years of production because he just switched to running back. But when you look at the ability to handle contact, when you look at the overall frame, on top of that, not even just the receiving ability, but the receiving versatility he showed with Clemson this year. Sure, he's got to clean up some of the drops that he had, but ultimately the way they were using him, the way that they were, you know, sending him in motion, lining up in the slot, running deep routes, like this guy to me is a weapon at the next level. And my comp is Cordary Patterson because I do see some of that similarities where, you know, when Cordell Patterson came out, he was a wide receiver. He made that transition to running back. I think Randall in his best case can look like that type of player where it's like, oh [ __ ] Cordell Patterson had a year where he was a top 15 fantasy football running back because

his skill set was that where he can run between the tackles with the size and frame that he has, but he also has that receiving background to be able to catch 40 50 balls at the next level. So like you mentioned, certified my guy, your comp was Tyrone Tracy, who was also a certified my guy back then. >> Yeah. And I think if I'm not mistaken, it was almost exactly the same split. like I had 11 or something and you had him I think in that class something like that. So yeah, Randall is exciting, man. I I will say my my reasoning for like not having him as high is the production profile is pretty bad. Like he's a wire caliber prospect. Part of that is because he is projected to go 200th overall in the NFL draft. If he gets drafted, let's say in the fourth round or something like that, I would definitely be more in on him. Um, and the one thing that he has going for him, unlike Tracy, is he's a lot younger than Tracy was coming out where he's he's a true senior, 21.8 years old. Um, Tracy,

I believe, was like a fifth or a sixth year prospect. So, that definitely bodess well for Adam Randall. I I think the grade difference that you see there is pretty much just that I thought his footwork was a little bit worse. I thought he was slightly worse through contact than you did. Um, but generally speaking, I'm I'm in on this prospect. I I like him as like a third, fourth round darth row. >> Yeah. Funny. I'm trying to find the Tyrone Tracy prospect card to like confirm it. And >> I'm positive you had him seven and I had him 12 or 11. >> I had him seven, you had him 13. What were the exa What were the exact grades that we had on the Randall card? >> Uh, it was 675 for me on Tracy, 72 for you on Randall. >> Or sorry, 675 for me on Randle, 72 for you on Randall. >> 670 for you on Tracy, 725 for me on Tracy. >> Okay, so almost exactly [laughter] the same grade split. I mean, you hit on Tracy obviously. Uh if you guys drafted

Tracy that year, he was like a fourth round rookie pick and he ended up really paying off on that price. Like there's been points in time where you might have been able to sell Tracy for a late first at points in time. So that's definitely um definitely a great uh hit for you there. And I I liked Tracy. I just didn't like him as much as you did. So kind of the same thing here with Randall. >> Yeah, it is fitting. By the way, it's funny how it's ordered in the consensus like 11, 10, 9, 12. I'm sure that's just probably an initial kink there, but >> yeah, I don't know why it's doing that. It is fitting though that we got to talk about I guess both of our my guys at the running back position back to back there. >> Yeah. And I would say if we had to re This is a new feature on the site where you can sort by FSE consensus. So instead of getting my rankings or Danny's rankings specifically, you can if you select both of us as creators,

you should be able to see an FSE logo that is a consensus between the two of us. >> Um but yeah, Randall, if we had to really nitpick here, is probably in this tier with Johnson, Mike Washington, and Claybourne because my my guy is in there, so your my guy should probably be in there. Um >> yeah. Um like full transparency too, like we have a lot more tiers with our consensus in my tier after the top three, four through 10 are literally all in the same tier for me. >> Yeah, cuz I think you can definitely argue more so than I have it listed here that whatever guy gets the better landing spot or capital is probably going to end up being RB4 postdraft. Um which is very reasonable. I'm just kind of ranking them based on I had top 75 grades on the Penn State guys, top 100 grades on these guys, and then up close to top 100 grades, but more early day threes on these guys. Well, it's the same thing as mine where I have all those guys between 70 and 75. Top top, what would that be? Top 100. And you had

those two Penn State guys in the top 75 portion. That's the only difference. >> Yeah, for sure. So, let's speed through. Le'Veon Moss here is our consensus, I guess. RB10, it would be um tough runner. He's fast. He's decisive on tape. He didn't really run super fast at his proday. Only ran a 458, which is a little disappointing. Um but he's capable on third down. I really like um he's kind of like discount Nick Singleton to some degree. He was a really high recruit at one point. Contact balance is there. The vision and the patience is there. The problem for Le'Veon Moss is he's got a pretty lengthy injury history and he's also an older prospect. Um pass protection was an issue for him. He didn't really test super well. His advanced metrics are nothing exciting either. And uh I do expect him to go pretty late in the NFL draft, like fifth, sixth, seventh round somewhere in there. His receiving production is not exciting, but I did like kind of some glimpses of what I saw

from him as a receiver. >> The floor median ceiling don't get you super excited. I mean, Ammani Bailey, Zonovan Knight, Khil Herbert at best case scenario. Khalil Herbert was my comp. You had I think I don't know why >> I also had Khil Herbert. >> Okay. I I got to fix that. It should say Khalil Herbert for you as well. Um but yeah, I think if you get him in a nice landing spot where he can carve out a half decent role, I think he could be fantasy relevant, but generally speaking, the the testing and the lack of like a true elite trait, um I think we could be living in a parallel universe where Le'Veon Moss had a great college football career had he stayed healthy. >> Well, that's the thing. It's all the injuries there because I do think the tangible traits like he looks like a starting caliber running back. He understands how to play the position. He always seems to make the right decision behind the line of scrimmage in terms of the where to attack. Like when you

combine what Le'Veon Moss does well on the football field, like you see a starting NFL running back. The issue is that you didn't see it nearly enough. On a per game basis, if we were doing that, he would very much shine. But at the same time, we can't ignore the red flags on the profile. He's kind of almost like if Jadarian Price had a backfield to himself and got injured more like like they both look like they play running back very well, but then you don't have the production profile that you want to see. But anyways, yeah, Le'Veon, uh, we'll see where he goes. We'll see where he gets drafted. Again, not a guy that we're super super high on, but a guy that definitely is interesting in the late rounds. Jamari Taylor we were a lot higher on prior to >> me. Oh man. >> Yeah, you were very high on him. You had him over Singleton, you had him over EMTT Johnson, over Mike Washington, all those guys, but then he ran a 466 at his proday. For a guy that, you know, he's

still a good sleeper. He's a former H.B.CU standout. He was really >> Really good film, man. Really good film. >> Yeah, like the receiving ability is solid. The elusiveness, the feed is solid, are solid. Uh instincts, toughness, underrated power for his size as well. Good pass protection. The issue is that he's undersized, not very athletic, an older prospect. He's 24 already and you know he's definitely going day three probably late day three if not maybe he goes undrafted because of the testing. Yeah, and that's the unfortunate part. I do think on film, like you say, hm, could this be the next Kairen? Could this be the next Justin Forset was my comp? Obviously, that's a big-time ceiling comp cuz Justin Forset very similar, you know, athletic profile, small, ran slow, wasn't really looked upon as a franchise running back, but when he did get his opportunities, I'm thinking back, I think it was what, 2015 with the Baltimore Ravens, 2015, >> something like that. Yeah. He had like

1300 yards, 10 plus touchdowns. Like obviously saying that's even the ceiling like that might even be a little bit um exaggerated. Like even if if he became a top 10 to 15 running back on any given year, that would be beyond a home run. Like that would be >> Bucky Irving. That's that's the Bucky Irving. And and for what it's worth, Bucky didn't test super well either. So it's not outside the range of outcomes, but 466 is really slow, man. Like that is a really slow time. That's a proday timed 466 as well. Not even a combine time. RJ Harvey was my comp, but R.J. Harvey definitely a little bit more juice than that as far as um his testing speed. But, you know, get this guy on the Vikings as the third back on the depth chart behind. >> I'm not counting him out. >> Yeah, I'm not counting either. I think he's an interesting dart throw. Whether it's a third round rookie pick with good capital, a fourth round rookie pick with bad capital, a or a taxi squad stash

with undrafted capital. >> Cuz I'm not going to lie, like off of the pure film, you can make the case he's probably RB4, RB5 in the class. Like the film was really freaking good. The footwork, the ability to absorb contact at a smaller stature, the uh array of ball carrier ball carrier moves that he has. The film is there. The athletic traits are what's holding him back. And obviously the NFL is a traits game. Like we do have to f factor in that the NFL is probably not going to value him too high. Is he going to be undrafted? Is he going to be a fifth, sixth, seventh round pick? Like I would be shocked if he went in the first four rounds after that proday testing, but I'm just not counting him out. I mean, the guy's been counting out uh counted out his entire college career. He came in as a zero star recruit, never got a lot of work until his final two years, ended up transferring to a big power for school prior to his final year in college, and then has this big monster

year. Like, there is a track record of this guy con uh consistently improving, improving, improving. And who's to say he can't do that at the NFL? >> Yeah, I think it would I I'd be more likely to see him go undrafted than get fourth or fifth round capital, to be honest. I think it's actually more likely he goes undrafted in that situation. But again, one of these guys where wherever the price point is, we'll be in. Whether it's Taxi Squad price point or third round rookie pick price point um with good landing spot and capital. Um Seth McGawan is the last guy that we have in this tier. Unfortunate college career cuz you know he had some off the- field issues, but he came in as a true freshman. Went punch for punch with Raandre Stevenson. That's how long this guy has been in college, unfortunately. But punch for punch for Raandre Stevenson at Oklahoma as a true freshman. He's I literally uh wrote he's like one of the running backs in this class. He just he doesn't get me super

excited because he's already almost 25 years old. I like the vision. I like the size. I like the speed. He tested super well. Had a 99th percentile burst score, 91st percentile weight adjusted speed score. The toughness is good. I think he's a capable receiver, but I think because of the off-field issues and because of some of the like >> That's where I factored in. >> What's up? I Well, I factored in the income or like uh the injury and like the offfield stuff in that portion of his grade. >> Yeah, >> I do think play play toughness is higher than that. >> Yeah, for sure. Like breaking tackles was a bit of an issue for him too. Like he just doesn't he's he looks more like a Jag to me than anything else knowing that he's already 24 and a half years old. >> Well, it is one of your fits for a reason, right? >> Yeah, literally. Uh Jaguars as one of the fits. I do think that he'd be a good addition to that backfield to go behind

Chris Rodriguez, back up another Kentucky Wildcat, uh former Kentucky Wildcat there. So again, Detroit good backup for Isaiah Pacheco. Green Bay maybe a good backup for Josh Jacobs or something. Pacheco is the ceiling comp just because he does have the athleticism to be like maybe he sneaks out of the round six, round seven portion, becomes Isaiah Pacheco 2.0. But generally speaking, I think he's probably more limited to Yeah, he's probably just a guy. He's probably just Gendo, Ray Davis, Joshua Kelly, something like that. Yeah, and my comp form was a guy like Wayne Gleman. Obviously, like I try to keep some fantasy relevance into the comps because if I just compared everybody to just backup players, it probably wouldn't make much fun. At least with uh with Wayne Gleman, you get that year in 2020 with the Giants. Uh 682 rushing yards. Uh 21 receptions for 114 yards. More of again a figure to a backfield though than the long-term number one. >> Yeah. Could he have a zero RB relevance

at some point of his career? I think he could. that's just kind of like he's a backup and you know the starter gets hurt and that kind of thing. The last guys we can just kind of rattle through. We didn't actually grade in the prospect model or sorry in the um the Wall Street Journal. There's no film breakdowns for these guys, but Jade N running back from Oklahoma, which I do think I probably will throw a film breakdown in over the next couple of weeks. Jay not is a guy that peaked early in his career at Cal. Didn't really have a whole lot of production after that and then basically phoned it in once he got to Oklahoma and got an NIL bag, but did test well at his proday. Interesting testing. He had ran like in the mid four fours, jumped pretty well. Um NFL teams will tell us what they think of him. If he has attitude concerns and off the- field stuff, he'll probably go undrafted. If people like him, maybe he'll go in the fourth fifth round. He's actually

projected to go 154th overall according to NFL mockdraft database right now. We'll see if that ends up happening. >> Yeah. And even when we watched him uh because going into last year, I believe we did our summer scouting >> two years ago actually because he was going into his true junior season at Cal, we thought he could have been a top 10 running back in the 2024 class. >> Yeah. And then he went he proceeded the last two years to go 3.3 and five uh 3.2 yards per carry. But even just outside of the yards per carry, even in his best years, like 3.39 yards after contact per attempt, like that's okay. The missacles force rate over >> the receiving production is what we were excited about if anything. >> Exactly. Which ultimately I because I hear this all the time like oh what if what could have happened with J. It's like I also just thought he was kind of overrated after that second year at Cal because of the context of the offense and how much volume he was getting as a

receiver. >> Yeah, him him Moss and Singleton are if you flip their college careers upside down, they would probably look like way better profiles. Like that's kind of kind of the difference between those guys. And then uh Roman Hembi and Keelin Black, both from the University of Indiana. Grinders. He with a little bit more receiving skill set. Black definitely your prototypical grinder back. Could they be interesting? I mean, there was once a sixth, seventh round running back that came out of the University of Indiana that turned into Jordan Howard. Maybe Keelin Black or Roman Hemi turned into one of those um comps. I don't see it really, but interesting players. Desmond Reed, good receiving profile. Kind of Deuce Vaughn size profile, but does have a lot of receiving production at pit. Jamarian um uh Miller, Jam Miller from Alabama. I know like Chris Sims ranked him as like a top six running back in the class. He can't move. >> He can't move. We'll see what happens

with him. I if he gets nice capital in a good landing spot, I'm sure he'll be interesting. Tyrion Stewart, his claim to fame is that he looks like MJD because he's like 5'6 and breaks a lot of tackles. So, these guys are like axi squad dart throw fourth round guys. >> Hey, my kind of guy. [laughter] >> Yeah, literally. I think Tyrion Stewart is like 5'5 and 78 or something. Really short. [laughter] >> Did Did he measure now? I'm actually curious. >> His pro day. I think he measured 5'5 and 78 if I'm not mistaken. >> Oh my god. That is a >> He's a short king. He's a short king for sure. >> That is a tone. He was listed at 5'9. So if he measured in at 5'6, like they were giving him some benefit of the doubt for sure with that 59T measurement. >> Like when I was a kid, my grandpa used to measure us um growing up and he added like 2 in to our height every time. So we'd like feel good about especially me

cuz I wasn't tall. My brother was a lot taller growing up. But um that's that's how they measured Tyrion Stewart is like his grandpa measured him. Um for >> 55 220 is a >> 55 220. >> That's a bowl of ragu baby. >> Yeah. This guy is a toad setter. But again, people get excited because they go, "Oh my god, he broke a tackle like 40% of his touches or something like that." He's interesting. We'll see what happens. He didn't get invited to the combine, though, which is not, you know, bullish for his draft capital projection. >> I'm rooting for that. that that guy's a bowl of oatmeal. I hope he [ __ ] thrives. >> Yeah, this guy is just walking protein shakes at this point. So, um the running back class in 2026 kind of stinks. Let's put it frankly. It's not very good. But like I said, >> two or three of these guys, three or four of these guys beyond Jeremiah Love are going to be fantasy relevant. That's

just kind of the nature of the running back position. Injuries happen. Running backs land in decent landing spots. You have sell high windows. Like this is the type of running back class though where if you get a sell high window, you should probably take it just because they weren't very good prospects to begin with. But like I said, if you had to say, hey, three, four years from now, three or four of these guys hit, let's say Coleman has a great career, Singleton has a nice career, and you know, EMTT Johnson has a nice career, that wouldn't shock me. And maybe you get a sleeper like Keelin Black has a nice relevant season or something like that. >> Yeah. Um, overall, again, we're not going to lie to you guys and say this is a great running back class, a good running back class, or even a slightly below average running back. >> It's a slightly better version of 2024's class because Jeremiah is Jeremiah. He makes the class better. >> Yeah, very fair way to put it because

that class did not have a Jeremiah Love. And I'm sure if you guys are at the 101 and you probably made it 2 minutes into the video because that's all the information you needed, you're probably not going to be targeting running backs after Jeremiah Love. Let us know in the comments. >> Yeah. Yeah. this class is like if J if Jonathan Brooks was way better and if Trey Benson was getting better capital because that's kind of like the Jadarian Price profile in this class and then Jonah Coleman um obviously a much better profile than a lot of the other backs in 2024 like a better version of Blake Cororm kind of. So uh anyways that is the 2024 running or 2024 running back class. That is the 2026 running back class. Leave a like down below if you guys enjoyed. Again, if you want to watch film breakdowns of these guys, you could see in depth us talking about maybe how not good this class is. But it's important to watch the film on players like this because that is how

you find the Tyrone Tracy. That is how you find the Bucky Irving. People who are really high on Oregon Bucky Irving's film, they probably got a lot of Bucky Irving shares. People like Danny who were very high on Tyrone Tracy got a lot of Tyrone Tracy shares as a result of that. So, go check out those film breakdowns. That is on flockfantasy.com. Use the promo code FSE to get started and you'll get a 7-day free trial, 30% off any of the packages, a free annual live team review if you sign up for the annual [ __ ] package. And again, 100 thou or 100,000 1,000 total hours of us breaking down film of all of the prospects in the 2026 NFL draft. 12 or 13 running backs deep. The one guy we didn't talk about and we should probably quickly mention is Eli Heinrich at the end of this video. Um because Eli Hinrich was a wide receiver, running back, tight end, fullback. He was pretty much everything. He's the Swiss Army knife of this class. We ranked him as a running back, but like we also don't

know what to do with the guy because he has great receiving ability, good explosiveness, good elusiveness, tested super well. Percy Harvin and Christian McCaffrey have been thrown out there because of the versatility that he possesses, but he's undersized, has really no experience between the tackles. Navy ran the most Mickey Mouse offense in the world where he's getting used on like outside zone and pitch carries pretty much exclusively. Like anything on Eli Heinrich before we get out of here? We do have him kind of right in a South McGawan and uh and um Jamari Taylor type of range. >> Shawn Peyton is licking his lips is what I'll say with Eli Hiden. My comp is literally Taesm Hill and he played a lot more like Hback. He was kind of used as a gadget guy. I mean like you guys you guys just have to watch the film to understand what we mean with Eli Heinrich. It's a fun athlete but is the most gimmicky of all gimmicky usages I have ever seen. >> Yeah. And if you hear an analytics bro

talking about how great his yards per out run uh is and how great his you know first downs per >> I'm sure it will be on outside sweeps and pitch plays >> it is like dude his reception market share is like by far the best I've ever seen for a running back but like he plays for Navy they throw like 90 times a season and he caught like 45 of those passes so like >> it's it's difficult to take away anything >> a high school offense like let's be perfectly clear like I think when I was playing in high school we had suh sir John Brabbuff uh run the exact same type of [ __ ] wishbone misdirection. Like it we if you guys played high school football and you know that one team that just runs a complete opposite of a pro style offense, it's the most annoying thing you ever play. That's Navy every single game. >> Yeah. They're the the high school offense that you guys played against that had one running back who was going to college football and no other good

players. So they ran only wishbone and triple option the entire time. They had an athletic quarterback and a sick running back. That was basically their their their team construction. And my college or my high school team actually had a very similar situation because both our quarterback and our running back went on to play University ball. >> Hey, uh yeah, your linebackers are going to need to take some ice baths after that game. >> Yeah, but our receivers were absolute dog [ __ ] so we couldn't throw the football. So, uh anyways, that is Eli Heiden. Little shout out at the end. That is the running back class. Again, check it out. a link down below in the pin comment for the draft guide and for the film breakdowns. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
