The 2026 Dynasty rookie tight end class is one of the more underrated position groups in the entire draft. Yesterday, we saw them go at the combine. Today, we're talking about tight ends to target and avoid. I'm going to be going through the FSE prospect model, all the updated information that we now have, combine, official heights, official weights, some updated draft capital projections, and so on. You guys are probably watching the quarterbacks, the running backs, and the wide receivers going right now as I'm dropping this. However, I wanted to get this one out because I wanted to uh not let the tight end position get lost in the shuffle here. So, so I'm not going to go over the entire prospect model, but what I am going to do is link down below the first video I did on the tight end prospect model. So, if you care about the process of how I got to all these grades, you can go check that out. And another thing that I do quickly want to say is that I updated the prospect buckets since the last time I

did this video. Um, I changed the benchmarks from the top five upside tier of tight ends from 75% to get to that tier to 70%. Then I dropped down tight end one upside threshold from 60% to 55%, streamers down from 50% to 45% and waiverwire down from 40% to 35%. So I did balance the prospect model a little bit. Um, so that's kind of the only change. But let's get in to the actual 2026 tight end class. And again, you could see all of the prospect buckets, all of the hit rates, and we'll go through the prospects in order quickly before I do that. Couple players didn't test uh yesterday, and we'll probably have to wait for their pro days to see that. Max Claire from Ohio State won't test until March 25th. Ohio State's proday. Justin Jolly or Jolie, I don't know how to say his name. NC State, uh March 24th is when he has his proday scheduled. Michael Trigg from Baylor at the end of March. They don't have an official day for Baylor's proday right now. Oscar Delp, uh, who probably would

have tested really well. March 18th is when his pro day is. Joe Royer from Cincinnati, March 24th is when his pro day is. And then we also have, uh, Daycoin Wright from Old Miss, also not listed when Old Miss's proday is going to be, but I would imagine end of March as well. So, let's get into the first tight end. The guy who absolutely stamped his freaking name on the combine and said, "I am here in the history books. Kenyan Sadi, tight end of the University of Oregon, who is now the undisputed tight end one in this class, the only top five tight end upside prospect in this class. Since I made the change to how the top five upside tier works, Lovelin, Fannon, and Warren, who previously weren't in this tier last year, are now in this tier uh currently. So, uh, basically Kenyan Sadiq is in the same realm as those three prospects were last year. You can argue film-wise and all that kind of stuff, but generally he's about the same caliber of prospect as those three dudes were, who obviously

all had really good rookie seasons. Hit rate wise, you're talking about a 1 in3 chance of getting an elite positional advantage, 15 point per game type of season. An 83% chance that Kenyan Sadique posts a top six season in his career. So Kenyan Sadi definitely in very good company as far as his prospect profile. What he did at the tight end combine yesterday was absolutely extraordinary. Not only did he jump 43 and a half in, which is a 99th percentile number, 112 in the broad, which is also a 99th percentile number, he now holds the single uh tight end record for 40-yard dash, a 439 officially. and based on what we talked about when we did his film breakdown and our draft guide. And if you guys want the draft guide and uh to tinker with the prospect model and all that good stuff, you can check out the link down below, flockfanasy.com, promo code FSE. We're also running a listener league that we are going to be drawing names for March 8th. So, if you want a chance to be in that listener league and to

check out the prospect model and tinker with everything, um the tight end uh combine updates are going to be coming over the next week or so along with the wide receivers, running backs, and quarterbacks. Check that out. That'll be linked down below. But just an absurd day at the combine for Kenyan Sadique. The best 40 in 20 plus years for a tight end. Athletically his comps are closer to like Julio Jones and Calvin Johnson than even like Kyle Pittz, David and Jooku, Evan Ingram, who are like also hyper athletic tight ends, but he was so fast, so athletic that he's closer to some of those bigger wide receivers and their type of freakish numbers that they've put on. Simply put, Kenyan Sadi, I'm betting on him. I'm betting on a player like this every single time. In my opinion, he is now going to move in any kind of tight end premium format to join those top five players, the three wide receivers, Jeremiah Love and Fernando Mendoza. That tier is probably now a tier of six in any kind of tight

end premium league and non-tightend premium. Maybe it's a little bit more debatable. Oregon had other talented players. Like I think people look at his prospect profile and they go, "Okay, it wasn't as productive as maybe we'd want like a top 15 pick at the tight end position to be." Well, Terrence Ferguson was there last year, who is a second round pick to the Rams, who reportedly they might have taken in the first round had they not traded out of that pick to uh for the Giants to come get Jackson Dart. Jamari Johnson, the tight end of Oregon right now, could be the best tight end in next year's class and was very productive on his limited touches as well. Not to mention during Kenyon Sadique's career, they had Troy Franklin, they had Tez Johnson, they had Evan Stewart, they had other high recruits like Dorian Moore, the freshman receiver this year. So I I would say okay Kenyan Sadi not a great analytics grade relative to the rest of the guys that you can see in this tier from David

and Jooku Noah Fant Don Concaid Sam Leaporta but he might legitimately be a top 10 pick now and 77th percentile was his analytics grade so it's not like his analytics are bad it's just that they're not as good as some other first round tight ends that we've seen. He is definitely not Coloulston Lovelin for example, but Coloulston Lovelin like Kenyan Sadi was kind of like a raw 21-year-old guy coming out. Reportedly Sadiq is interviewed very well as well. Um but remember a lot of Lovelin's dominance at Michigan comes by the fact that he was the guy he was the only tight end worth of salt there and also not many wide receivers competing for targets with him as well. So Kenyan Sadi he's in the category of David and Jooku of Noah a fan. I would say, you know, prospect profile-wise, his best comparable is probably uh Daltton Concincaid, even though we never got testing numbers on him. Um, just the way that his analytics, his traits, and his film stack up. Concincaid is the best

comparable as far as like the NFL draft community, little higher on Sadiq than the dynasty community from a number standpoint. The tight end two in this class, who a lot of people are very high on in the dynasty community and the number side of things. Uh, Eli Sters or Sters, I don't know how to say his name from Vanderbelt. his grade up 4% from where he was in the model. Uh Kenyan Sneak's grade up 3% from where he was in the model. The great news for Sters is that he's now in the tight end one upside tier since I did the rebalancing. And also too, even before I moved it around, his numbers would have went up into this tier. Anyways, so he has a 44% chance now at a top 12 season based on expected hit rates. Sters came out and ripped a 45 and a half vertical, which is like the best in combine history for the tight end position. There was one guy in like 2010 who did a better one at his proday, but at the combine it's the best of all time. The broad officially the best of all time ever recorded for a

tight end. And his 451 is unbelievably fast for that size. 6'3 and uh some change almost 6'4, 239 lbs, which is another thing that we wanted to see for Stowers cuz it was possible that he came in at 227 lbs or something like that. So the fact that he came in at 239 and tested that well is very very good. And he got overshadowed by Sadi to some degree, but he had a monster monster day. And when you look at his profile, we were talking about an 82nd percentile analytic score. So a little bit better than Sadique in that regard. 2.4 yards per out run the last two seasons. QBR very high when targeted. He was a former quarterback, so the fact that he wasn't really productive until he got to Vanderbilt makes sense because he was actually a quarterback at New Mexico State and when he came into college. his best comparable prospects here. You got Evan Ingram if he goes with round one draft capital, which I don't think he will, but it's possible now that he tested like this. Mike Siki, if he goes

round two, will be his like most comparable prospect. Round two is where I'm expecting him to go as of now. And then if he slides to round three, we're looking more at like a Tucker Craft. The issue with Sters is that his blocking needs work. He's a little bit undersized, but as I've said on numerous occasions with tight ends, we want receivers. We don't care if you can really block. You just need to be able to block at a level that you're not a liability so that you can get on the field and be an 80 to 90% route participation guy. The best tight ends in the league and for fantasy are not 265 lbs. They're 240, 245, 250 lbs. They're not 6'8. They're like 6'4, 6'5. When you look at from an alignment standpoint, um the top 20 fantasy tight ends this year in points per game, only three of them, George KD, AJ Barner, and Tucker Craft played in line over 50% of the time. The rest of them like McBride and Andrews and Bowers and Goddard and Concade and Warren and Fannon and

Lovelin and Gadson, all those guys, they're basically in the slot more often than they're inline. For example, like Harold Fannon last year comes in as a rookie with some inline concerns as well. And he played more in the slot than he did as an inline tight end. And the best tight end in fantasy last year, Trey McBride, was in the slot like 70% of the time and barely in line, even though he's definitely capable of being an inline tight end. So Eli Sters we're looking at the best comparable being Evan Ingram because he is the same size profile has good speed like Ingram had but he also has Cassiki Craft and then on the very low end of things kind of like a Javian Sanders type of comparison there. Uh moving into the next group of tight ends now none of these tight ends tested. So that's kind of a bit of a problem for gauging what the class looks like. Um but all these guys are still in the tight end one upside tier like Eli Ster. So neither of these guys tested. Ohio State's Max Clair, as I already

made reference to, his projection was to run a 470, but his in-game athleticism score by PFF was actually in the 99th percentile. So even though Max Clare really productive at Purdue, 684 and four touchdowns in 2024, transfers to Ohio State, much more target competition there. Of course, you have Tate and Jeremiah Smith and all the Ohio State Buckeyes players there. But his best comparable to me looks like Pat Frymuth, Jatavian Sanders, a type the type of guy that comes in as a day two tight end, maybe is a third or a fourth round rookie pick and ends up being a decent value if you end up hitting on him in a tight end premium. And then NC State's Justin Jolly or Jolie, another Sters pure receiving tight end prospect. He comes in little bit undersized as well at 6' 3 and a half and 241 lbs. Blocking definitely going to be a question mark for some teams, but he's young. He has upside at least 489 yards in three straight seasons between Yukon, where he was at the first two years of his

career, and then NC State the last two seasons. Really great hands, too. 66% contested catch rate, just one drop in 2025. Both of these guys, Max Cla and Justin Jolie, are two guys that I think could end up being huge values in dynasty rookie drafts. Because when you factor in that this running back class is not very deep, the quarterback class is not very deep, it may be sneaky, worth your time to just draft a lot of wide receivers and tight ends in the mid rounds, round three, round four of rookie drafts, because that's kind of the strength of the class. Both of these two guys are expected to go round two, round three, maybe at worst, round four in the NFL draft. And I feel pretty good about both of them. Justin Jolie kind of comparing to like a Harrison Bryant, maybe an Adam Troutman. Again, don't take away too much from like did these guys hit or did these guys not hit at the NFL level. Think about where Frith Troutman, Bryant, and Javian Sanders were going in rookie drafts. That's kind

of the caliber of prospect we're looking at here. I guess Frith would be considered the best prospect in terms of what he turned into in the NFL. And then tight end five in this class, also staying within this year is Michael Trigg from Baylor. He also did not do any testing. He's an older prospect. 694 yards and six touchdowns for Baylor this year is great. However, analytically, he misses a lot of age adjusted stuff because he played at three schools in his college career for 5 years of his college career and he's nearly 24 years old coming out. Testing would have really helped him because I do think that would have really, you know, sullied some concern about the age. I tend to think he won't test super well because of his projected numbers on NFL draft buzz were like 470 and a 7.5 RA score. So, that's like not exceptional numbers. I do think he kind of reminds me of like this year's Elijah Aoyo a bit because I do think a lot of NFL draft scouts like Michael Trigg. Like for

example, Lance Zerline has him graded over Eli Ster. So I do think that he's more of a film guy and I'm curious to see what he looks like once he get once I get into his film because other than the top two tight ends, I haven't graded the rest of them on film. I do think he's kind of like comparable to like a Tyler Higgby, Hunter Long. I know Lance Irin's comparison for him is Gerald Everett, so apparently he's any Rams tight end. Uh, so Michael Trian, an interesting guy, but I probably a guy that I'm not going to be super in on based on his profile. Then we get down to the next tier of tight end. So we got four guys in the tight end one upside tier. One guy in the top five upside tier in Kenyan Sadique. And then we have six guys in the streamers tier. So this class is pretty deep, I would say, at the tight end position. Not an exceptional list of elite guys at the top, but there is a lot of names and I I do expect two to four of them to actually become fantasy relevant in

their careers. The streamers group is led with Tanner Kosol from Houston. Um, with this tier, you're looking at like a one in4 chance at a top 12 season. So, one in four of these guys is generally going to hit. There's six guys in this tier. So, there's a good chance we get one or maybe two hits out of this territory. Tanner Kosol from Houston is projected with round five, round six draft capital, but his analytics are very solid. He tested very well. Maybe his draft capital moves up because of how he tested. He is projected uh right now like I said to go in like the fifth or the sixth round but with a 9.72 score a 47 flat in the 40 36 and a half inch uh vertical 102 broader good numbers for him. He's also really long to nearly 34 in arms 6' 6 and a half so he's a bigger guy but he's not like super girthy. He's not like 6'6 and a half with 270 pounds of mass. He's like a little bit longer at 247. So, um, his comps, uh, range from like Charlie Kolar, the third tight

end on the Ravens, uh, Kaden Smith, a former Stanford tight end. He's my sleeper pick of the class. He was very good at a small school in Ball State the first three seasons of his career. And then he then transfers to Houston, first season in like a power four conference, puts up 727 yards, six touchdowns, and 2.26 yards per run. So, I do think that Tanner Kosial is going to definitely be like on all of my taxi squads, all of my fourth round of rookie drafts type of guy. Moving into the next kind of like two guys that are in this tier, these are more like big school, bigname guys. We have Jack Andre from Texas. More of a film player uh than a numbers guy. When he was at Cal the first two years of his career, he was playing with Fernando Mendoza there before going to Texas. So, he never overlapped with Chavian Sanders or Gunnar Helm or the other Texas tight ends there. But at Cal in 2024, 623 and two touchdowns, 2.13 yards per run. This season, not as much production, but it's a bigger school with more target

competition. So, it's kind of understandable. He's kind of like the discount version of Max Cla. Definitely excited to dive into Jack Andre's tape. Even though I did catch a good bit of him as a UT fan, he can definitely contribute to an NFL offense. He tested really solidly with a 462. Checks the prototype bonus box. So, in the prospect model, there's a um something called a prototype bonus. And basically the prototype for the fantasy tight end is between 6'4 and six foot six. 240 pounds or more but less than 260 because usually blocking tight ends are that big. You want a 105.0 or higher weight adjusted speed score. Usually that's about a 46540 at about 245. And you also want to uh be less than a sub4740 just overall. So I would expect um Jack Andre to go early round four or so right now. Maybe he'll go into day two because of how he tested. The comp that I like here in the model is Luke Scooon Maker. Um, but I do think Cade Stove is not a terrible option as a

comp as well. Both of those guys haven't been great so far in their NFL careers, but both of them are pretty early in their careers and could do something later on. Eli Raridan at Notre Dame was stuck behind Michael Mayer early on in his career. took him a bit to get going, but great length, big hands. Elite 67 point uh 66.7 contested catch rate numbers to back up the fact that he has nearly 11 inch hands and also some good length to him. 9.81 RA score with great jumps, great 40 time for a 6'6 tight end to run 462 is definitely really solid. Definitely a sleeper name as well. Um Notre Dame tight ends sometimes are hit or miss. Um but he could be like a decent like you know Austin Hooper or Jake But you can see some of the names there. Um, those are kind of the comps that stick out to me for him. Then we move into streamers part two. So, these guys are in the same tier, just a little bit further down. Deeper sleepers. Here we have Don Bentley from Utah. Really solid testing from him and 9.37 score.

The contact appeared to be a huge issue for him in college cuz he had just a 23.5% contested catch rate, which is like second percentile in the model. It's really bad. But somehow he didn't drop a pass. So, he was so bad through contact, but he was not accredited with a drop. So, he's just he can't handle contact apparently. Again, I haven't watched his film, so I have no idea. But an 83.1 PFF receiving grade in 2025 is good. 2.07 yards per run is good. 620 and six touchdowns is good. So, I mean, Don Bentley, an interesting name depending on what happens to him draft capital wise, I might be interested. Uh, down season from John Michael Gandberg, uh, JMG is what I'm going to call him for now at Wyoming. He probably would have been drafted higher had he come out last season because he was coming off of a better year. 437 and three touchdowns, 2.65 yards per out run. Really good athletic testing though. A guy that I'm definitely going to keep an eye on for like taxi squads because at 9.9 score uh

6'6 nearly 248 lbs with 460 speed. That's a guy that I'm definitely intrigued by especially given the jumps uh and the explosion grade being elite there. And then we have Dayquin Wright who I mentioned from Miss did not test. I expect him to be uh testing at late March kind of proday for Miss there. Production's not bad. 2.08 yards per run. He came in at good size. 635 and five touchdowns this year with Trinidad Shamblas. 16.3 yards per catch. Hands were an issue though. Bad contested catch rate of 26.7 and also um 9.6% drop rate. So those are the other streamer tight ends. Again, streamers no slouch. I mean you got a one in4 chance at a top 12 season with these guys. So, even though it doesn't seem like, you know, Bentley and a JMG and Daycoin Wright are like very interesting, like look at the names there. Like Luke Musgrave, Brentton Strange, Kate Den, Theo Johnson, like a lot of those names we were interested in in rookie drafts. Like Brentton Strange and Luke Musgrave,

I'm pretty sure they were like early third round rookie picks the years that they came out. So, um, definitely some guys that I think are a little bit undervalued, a little bit underrated. Then we move into the Waverwire tier. Again, the only guy that's ever hit from this tier in the history of the waiverwire tier is Daltton Schultz. So, we're talking about a very unlikely chance that any of these guys hit. Josh Quavas from Alabama, tested really well, not super productive. He played for three different schools in his career. RJ Maryland from SMU, he's actually the former uh the son of the former number one overall pick in 1991, I believe. Uh Russell Maryland uh from the Cowboys, 300 plus yards, three years uh straight. Deep deep sleeper, but again, um the 451 speed is the only thing that's really intriguing about him at this point. Sam Roo is a guy that's getting a little bit of NFL draft community buzz. So, I would say this might be like the player to avoid of the tight end group because

anytime that NFL draft community seems to like him, it usually correlates with how high he'll get drafted. But every time anyone talks about Sam Rou, number one, a lot of people say he didn't test, you know, they they're surprised by his testing. He tested better than they thought his tape looked like. And a lot of people are saying too like he's a great blocker. So maybe he's more of a blocking tight end prospect than he is like a receiving tight end prospect because he has a sub6 career a dot. So he was a low average depth of target guy. Um so I like the fact that he had 80 targets this year but a career 1.15 yards per out run 10.1 yards per reception middling hands by the looks of it. We saw Tip Ryman for the Cardinals get drafted in like the third round. People were like oh my god he got like top 75 draft capital but he was a blocking tight end. Like no one expected him to be a threat to Trey McBride or anything like that. And I think that's what Sam Roo kind of represents in this

class. And then um we didn't get to see Oscar Delp. Now Oscar Delp and Joe Royer both in this tier are semi interesting. Delp is interesting just because he reportedly could have ran in the 44s. And obviously Sadique already ran in the 44s or the 4-3s. So Delp would have been the second fastest tight end at the combine, but he had a foot issue that popped up on his medicals um when he was doing his medical checks at the combine. So hopefully on March 18th when Georgia has their proday, he's able to test because I do think with good testing numbers, he could sneak himself into day two just by the fact that this class isn't excellent across the board. So maybe in the third or the fourth round, a team takes a shot on him thinking he can be like an Isaiah likely for their offense or something like that. Uh 2026 class in totality at the tight end position. You guys can see there was a couple more names, Marlon Klein, Lake McCree. Um not really that interesting. This is the class in totality. And you

guys might be looking at this and go, "Okay, what does this mean? This is pretty good. This is a pretty good tight end class." Like to have a streamer or better tight end prospect 11 deep or so. That's a pretty deep class considering that again those streamers have a 25% chance of hitting a top 12 season in their career. And then the tight end one upside guys have like a 43% chance of hitting that. Top five upside prospect and Sadi has like an 80 plus percent chance of hitting that. So pretty good tight end class. It's not as good as 2023's like when we had Mayor and Leaporta and Concaid and all those guys come out definitely not as good especially at the top as that class and I would say last year's class with Fannon with Warren with Lovelin even like deeper deeper down the board you had Mason Taylor you had Terren Ferguson you had Elijah Aoyo you had Ronda Gadson I think last year's class was better too but if last year's class was like a 9.5 out of 10 tight end class this is like

an eight or an eight and a half like it's a pretty good tight end class definitely in my opinion the second best position group of all the fantasy positions behind um wide receiver, which is the strongest group of this class. It's a better tight end class than it is a running back class. It's a better tight end class than it is a quarterback class. Even though we do have Mendoza and Jeremiah Love carrying those other positions and there's no like Mendoza or Love caliber prospect at tight end, even though Sadi is pretty close. Um that's kind of what we're looking at with this class. The best comparable tight end class that we have to this one is 2017s where we saw David and Jooku. That's kind of the Sadi of this class. Evan Ingrams the Stoers of this class or the sters of this class. OJ Howard, Gerald Ever, George KD. Obviously, KD's been the best out of that group. Kind of like the Claire, Jolly, and Triggs. And then we have um some Jake Buts, some John

Smiths who are the interesting streamer type of options there. So, that is the 2026 tight ends to target and avoid. I will do another version of this video postNFL draft when we have official draft capital and whatnot. I I'm doing three versions of wide receivers and running backs. I already did one right after the NFL season. We'll have those numbers updated tomorrow. and Monday when we go through the wide receivers to target and avoid the second time, the running backs to target and avoid the second time. Again, if you were completely lost by the prospect model, or you just want more information on how I actually built it or how it actually works, head on over to the link in the description. I linked the very first video that I did explaining how the prospect model works. The only thing that's different about that video now is that the prospect buckets are a little bit different. Like I said, I did rebalance those. And of course, if you do want number one, our rookie draft

guide, which has the prospect model integrated directly into it, head on over to flockfantasy.com. Use the promo code FSE when you sign up. You'll get a 7-day free trial, annual live team review voucher if you sign up annually. And of course, too, we will have updated versions of the draft guide coming out about March 5th or so. We're going to go through all the prospect profiles. Um, you know, kind of uh update things that need updating, change grades that need uh changing from the combine information. uh maybe go back and watch a game or two of tape on certain guys. And we're also going to add to the video uh prospect profiles as well. In the in the draft guide, we have 25 prospects with video breakdowns. At the end of each of those videos, whoever tested at the combine, we're going to add in a little two to three minute recap of how they tested. So, that's all in one location for you. And when you're watching the film review of Kenyon Sadi, at the very end of that, you can see how

he tested and that's all in there for you. And obviously when we add more film reviews going forward because we're going to have 50 plus by the time the draft comes, those will just have athletic testing already in them because they had already attested. And the last thing I want to show you quickly is the prospects tab on flockfantasy.com for the tight end position is up to date as of pre-combine and I just sent the updated version to the devs. So you can tinker with the prospect model. If you want to see, okay, yards per game, I want to see tight ends who had at least 70 yards per game in their college careers, who had an FSE grade of at least uh 70%. So that would be the the tier of prospect that we have for Kenyan Sadi. And again, it'll be updated and Sadiq would be a part of this tier, but we do have Bowowers, Pitts, Goddard, Trey McBride, Don Concade, Herald, Fannon, etc. So, um, if you want to tinker with the prospect model, that is the best way to do it. Head on over to

Flock Fantasy, which will be linked down below. And if you want to join our new listener league, that is linked down below in the description as well. But with that being said, peace out and I'll talk to you soon.
