Dynasty rookie drafts are going on fast and furious right now. And we have 10, five each hidden gem rookies that you guys are going to want to look out for in the third round, in the fourth round, potential undrafted free agents of your Dynasty Fantasy Football rookie drafts in Superflex format. Definitely a little bit of a tight end premium spin to this video as well because we do have a couple tight ends to talk about. We're going to go from five to one. Danny, let's kick it off with my number five and then we'll go through your number five and then we'll go kind of ascending to number one overall sleeper. Um, my number five sleeper here is De Man Claybourne, running back now of the Minnesota Vikings. He was basically just picked inside the top 200 overall picks. What I loved about Claybourne, because I was much higher on him, the prospect than you were. I loved his elusiveness. I love that 437 speed, especially in 2024. I thought he really exhibited some great receiving traits and some ability

to be a contributor to a backfield. Is he going to be the next Bucky Irving? I mean, that is technically his ceiling comp and the prospect model. It's probably not going to happen that way, but I am really excited about what he can do in Minnesota. You think about the landing spot, you have Jordan Mason, short-term contract. Aaron Jones, 30 31 years old. Also a really good guy to learn from if you're Dean Claybourne as like an undersized back who can maybe contribute a little bit more. So Claybourne to me one of my favorite favorite sleepers if you're looking for a running back in the third fourth round of drafts. >> Yeah, even though I was lower on the film, I kind of you know viewed him similarly to a guy like for example in rookie drafts last year, Jaden Blue. But Jaden Blue was actually going more expensive than De Man Claybourne currently in currently is in rookie drafts. Like with Deont Clayborn, you can get him most of the time. >> 33rd overall is where he's listed on

most platforms. So probably about a mid mid to late third round pick is what you have to spend on him. >> Totally reasonable there. You obviously got the system with Minnesota. You got the opportunity older back in terms of the receiving game with Aaron Jones that he can usurp. Obviously, you expect Jordan Mason to be the big body in that backfield, but at the same time, Deon Claybourne does have breakaway speed. Deon Claybourne does have receiving upside. So, if you plugged in the prospect that I thought Jaden Blue was last year into this Minnesota scheme and gave him some some opportunity cuz we saw Jaden Blue week 17 I believe it was against the New York Giants or was it week 18 if I'm not mistaken? >> 18 I think >> he handled that 20 touch workload. Obviously, they end up resigning Javvante Williams, but who's to say next year that both Jordan Mason and Aaron Jones could be off the team? >> Yeah. And uh I I've documented this before, but um Thor Nestrom's big, you

know, connected to the Minnesota Vikings. He's talked about how the team's been really like obsessed with Deont Claybourne going back even to last year. Apparently like some of the Deon Clayborn's former coach comped him to like Brian Westbrook. Like I I really do think if you go back and watch the 2024 tape, you do see a player that has kind of this year's Bucky Irving vibes to him. He is undersized. He does lack some contact balance. Specifically in 2025 really down production. and he dropped the ball, he fumbled the ball, that kind of thing. And I didn't think the vision was super advanced. I think he's more of a one cut and go type of runner. But like you said, the floor being kind of Jaden Blue type of player, the median, I have like Donell Pumphrey here. And then I do think the ceiling is, hey, Minnesota's got touches available. Aaron Jones is older. He's been injured before. Jordan Mason more of a grinder in between the tackles guy. I think there's a possibility that by week 11,

week 12 this year, Deon Claybourne could be a 15 touch per game running back in an offense that we all think could be pretty good. >> Yeah, for me, I kind of more so view him as a year two and on type of option because I do think the majority of the touches going to be Jordan Mason, going to be Aaron Jones, at least for the 2026 season. But with Jordan Mason, he is a free agent after the season. Um, he was signed on a 2-year $10.5 million year prior to last year. You have that 2025 year already under the books. This year, he'll be making 5.8 8 million and then like I said we'll hit the free agency market at 28 years old. At that point Minnesota could make a decision like hey do we want to bring back Jordan Mason. Even if they were to bring back Jordan Mason realistically as long as Aaron Jones is out of the way that's more likely the the role that Deont Claybourne would play on this team. >> Yeah. Apparently the Vikings met with him multiple times went to his proday

met with him at the combine. Like there was a decent chance that they were going to take him with one of their third round picks. They had backto-back picks in the third round and I think had he gotten that draft capital we feel better about him obviously. But yeah, like the comps in the model, Justice Hill, Jaden Blue, Miles Gaskin, another decent one. I think Gaskin wasn't the fastest guy in the world where Claybourne has a little bit more speed. So, >> moving into your number five sleeper, we're going to go to the quarterback position. Obviously, we're talking specifically in Superflex Leagues, he's a great sleeper. And uh Cole Payton, who ironically, as you can see, Danny's pro comparison for him. FCS Jaylen Herz. Well, now he gets to go back up actual Jaylen Herz. >> Yeah. And if people are kind of confused about that, maybe they just think, "Oh yeah, white quarterback, North Dakota State." You're probably thinking pocket passer. But Cole Payeyton has one of the

most developed rushing profiles you'll see. And I get it. Level competition absolutely matters. But this is a guy in two of the last three years at North Dakota State, an 85.3 and an 89.4 rushing grade. In those two seasons, 650 yards, 13 rushing touchdowns, 894 yards, 13 rushing touchdowns this past year. Yeah, sure. you got some, you know, things you want to see him improve obviously as, you know, going through his progressions, you know, footwork in the pocket. Like, you want to see him develop obviously the speed of the game going from FCS to the NFL level, but at the same time, he's got the four or five speed. He's got what I would describe probably about a B+ level arm. Like, I don't think he's going to, you know, I mean, we'll talk about your player in a second, a Drew Aller level arm. Like, I don't think it's at that level. But, at the same time, we've seen what works with Jaylen Herz. It's more of a one read type of system. You want to get him

out of the pocket. You want to get him on the run. And I do think Cole Payton is the perfect backup for Herz in that system. On top of that, we've heard the longevity of Herz. Is he going to be on this team within three years? Is he going to be on this team within four years? Again, that's more of a pipe dream. Like, I'm not saying you're going to draft Cole Peyton in your third round and by 2027 he's going to be the starter. Like, that's not what I'm saying at all. But what I am saying is, especially if you're in a dynasty baseball format, you're in a dynasty league where you can roster 20, 25 bench spots, five taxi spots, I want to be rostering Cole Peyton because I do think if he's developed the right way, we could be talking about a guy that if Herz missed a four, five, six game stretch can give you legitimately 20 points per game. >> Yeah. And he's actually going at pick 46 on DLF right now and outside of the top 50 on keep trade cut. So, this is a

player that you might not even have to spend a draft pick on, period. And I also know like from doing rookie drafts so far, he's kind of buried in the sleeper ADP. So, there's a good chance that a lot of you guys won't have to draft him because people are following ADP and they won't see his name. So, if you're taxi squad stashing this guy, especially like, yeah, throw him to the end of your taxi squad. Two years from now, what if Jaylen Herz is no longer the quarterback? Even if he's just like Tyler Huntley where it's like he's a good usable backup quarterback whenever the starter is out of the lineup, that's worth a Taxi Squad stash. And when you watch a tape on Cole Payton, like I know it's FCS, it's North Dakota State. There's some like big boy throws on there. He led this class in big time throw rate. >> Yeah. No, he could spin the ball down the field for sure. I mean, we saw for example the prospect that Bryce Lance was working down the field. Like, yeah,

sure, Bryce Lance was winning, was creating that separation, but Cole Payton was making those NFL level throws. So, I am really excited. A guy that we really like last year was Jaylen Milro. He's more of a two-3 turn pick. Honestly, I don't think the thesis is all that different between the two. No. And in the prospect model for Cole Payton, his traits grades, so it's out of 25% and traits for quarterbacks are like things like mobility, rush yards per game, rushing yards per attempt. And then you also factor in, you know, career big-time throw rate, big- time throw rate to turnover worthy play ratio, adjusted completion percentage, deep throw percentage, all that stuff. 100th percentile. It's the best in the entire model. >> Yeah. And again, some people might argue back, it's North Dakota State. The last time I trusted a super efficient North Dakota State quarterback, it didn't work out for me. But you can point to the previous North Dakota State quarterback

with Carson Wentz, like obviously Carson Wentz was a more established prospect, but at the same time, if you're just going to simply helmet scout the negative with Tre Lance, at least acknowledge that this has worked out in the NFL before. >> Well, and traits are really important for quarterbacks. And here's the top 10 behind Cole Payton. Justin Fields, Tre Lance, who we mentioned already. Joe Bau, Deshawn Watson, Jaden Daniels, Sam Howell, Kyler Murray, Baker Mayfield, Drake May, Jaylen Herz, Trevor Lawrence, Caleb Williams. Like that's the top 15 or so traits grades in the model. And Cole Payton's number one of that group. >> So obviously this was unsustainable. He had a 5.27 yards after contact per attempt in 2023 on 82 rushing attempts. But even this past year, like he had 3.3 yards after contact per attempt. Cory, that was higher than EMTT Johnson. >> Yeah, that's dude. He was a sick runner. There's a play there's a couple plays of him like literally burning people for

like 80 yard touchdowns. He ran a 456 at the combine. >> 39 missed tackles forced as a quarterback on 120 carries. Like when I say FCS Jaylen Herz is my comp, like I'm not joking here. Like obviously the the curve of development cannot be overstated. Like I'm not saying this is a guarantee, but this is what we have to be swinging for. Guys, you're in a startup right now and Cole Payton's there in the 15th round. He'll be there in the 25th round based on his price tag. >> Like all day. All day. >> Yeah. And he's not that dissimilar of a bet from Jaylen Milro last year, for example. I like there was a steep learning curve for him even though he played at Alabama. So, um our number four uh sleepers here. I'll go to the tight end position where Justin Jolie was a big big time uh piece that I talked about in the tight end to target and avoid. He was a my guy before the draft. Mainly just because this is the archetype of tight end that if it hits,

of course, if is the key word there, you get a fantasy superstar because he's got that big slot PPR type of upside, magnetic hands, a really solid athlete. We didn't get to see him actually test at the combine or at his proday. He's probably not the fastest guy in the world. Like 475 unofficially is what he was projected for, but yards after catchability is there. Like I said, magnetic hands, like comes down with contested catches left, right, and center. His analytical profile is, you know, as good as any tight end in this class. It's actually better analytics grade, 90th percentile, than even Kenyan Sadik and Eli Stoers had in the prospect model. So, we're looking at a guy who goes to a situation Denver Broncos needed a tight end. We talked about, oh, maybe they could sign a free agent tight end. Maybe they're going to be in the running for a Kenyan Sadique. Well, they didn't have the draft capital to go and get one of those top end guys because they traded it for Jaylen Wadd. But

instead, you get a guy in Justin Jolie who gets to learn behind Evan Ingram, which is a very good, you know, ceiling comp for what Justin Jolie could be. And you see my comp for him there is like I I think this could be the next Harold Fannon legitimately. Like if he if he's able to get on the field, be passable as a blocker or they have a very clear plan for him of where he's going to be used. Like the Broncos don't really have a slot receiver. Franklin's an outside guy. Wadd and Sutton usually play on the outside as well. It wouldn't shock me if by mid-season we have an Aronda Gadson or a Harold Fannon 2.0 on our hands. I'm on the same page. I've been drafting him in the mid third of my of my rookie drafts that I've already kicked off. Yeah, people might be looking at it on face value. What? A fourth or fifth round pick if I'm not mistaken. Fifth round pick. Yeah, >> fifth round pick. Fifth round pick. Obviously, the Denver Broncos. People might be saying, "Well, I don't want to

be taking a fifth round tight end in the third round." And usually you would be right, but the fact of the matter is Justin Jolie is overqualified as a fifth round pick. The same thing we said about Aronda Gadson. The same thing that we said about Harold Fannon. the end of the day, you have to see the ideal role that these players are going to be playing on their team. And when we look at the Denver Broncos, like his skill set is exactly what they're missing from this offense. What they wanted from Evan Ingram last year, Justin Jolie is perfect for that role. There's a reason why they drafted Jonah Coleman and there's a reason why they drafted Justin Jolie. >> Yeah. And in the third and fourth round, as we talked about in yesterday's video, like sometimes it is just about fit. like the guy's a great fit for the team and Gadson was a great fit for the Chargers last year and Fannon they clearly had a plan for in Cleveland there. So if as long as he's got a they

got a plan for Justin Jolie and he's going to be on the field and especially if we hear a lot of positive buzz in rookie camps and training camps and that kind of thing, he's going to be um very very highly drafted player for me and you know 18th round best baseball throws on uh on Justin Jolie are going to go crazy because I was one of the few people doing that last year with Fannon and Gadson and that definitely worked out. So, um, let's get to your number four sleeper here. A guy that, uh, is another one of these, again, we're talking third, fourth round guys. When you're in this area of the draft, we're looking for the ceiling, home run swing, the 5 to 10% chance that these guys work out. And Adam Randall, if he works out, would be the next Tyrone Tracy, realistically. You got the size, you got the power. He's like, you know, 6'2, 230 lbs. He's playing for the Baltimore Ravens. He's got great athleticism. He ran a 450 at that size. decent vision

for a converted wide receiver. And of course, because he's a converted wide receiver, he has a lot of experience catching the football. So, with Adam Randall, you get to go behind to learn behind a running back who's truly one of the best to ever play his position in Derrick Henry. And he's also kind of the same size profile that you are. So, you get to learn how to the nuances of playing. >> Exactly. That's your problem right now. You're a receiver, so you need to learn the running back position. Which is funny because what have we said all offseason, Corey, about these Clemson players, about how disappointing they were in 2025 in relation to what they were in 2024? The one guy in that Clemson offense that clearly looked up to par in 2025 was a guy playing a new position, man. The fact that Adam Randall has one year under his belt as a true refined running back and you were able to get 10 rushing touchdowns, over 800 rushing yards, over three yards after contact per attempt. The looseness

numbers are fine too. 30 m 32 missed tackles forced on 168 carries and also got a receiving workload. On top of that, the 63 235 pound frame. On top of that, if you do watch what the Ravens have posted on their social media, Steve Bashadi, their owner was the one who made this pick who has a very close relationship with Davos Sweeney and Davo has said to Bashadi to the Ravens organization that Adam Randall is arguably the best character he has ever worked with with Clemson. Keep in mind, man, yeah, this is a raw player. You need that work ethic. You need those intangibles if you want to work out as a raw guy. That's what Tyrone Tracy had. Now, obviously, people can laugh. People can joke, "Oh, well, they drafted Cam Scataboo to be the Bellcow the year after." If Adam Randall had a top 24 level rookie season, let's say hypothetically, again, God forbid anything serious were to happen to Derrick Henry, but if Randall did get an opportunity to lead this backfield, Justice Hill is probably just going to

be the space back there. I realically do think that this is a direct handcuff to Derrick Henry. And how many times we have to talk about with Derrick Henry, older running back, touches on his workload. Sooner rather than later, he's going to go down. If he does go down, I think this is the back that can take that workload on. >> Yeah. Like comps are, you know, Tracy being the ceiling one, but even like a Raheem Sanders from last year, like when he got opportunities for the Cleveland Browns, he looked pretty solid. Just a crowded back. James Robinson pops as one of his comps as well, who obviously as a rookie was basically the biggest league winner in fantasy and maybe the best undrafted free agent we've seen in 10 years other than Austin Eckler probably. So, uh, yeah, I think like you said, when you have the work ethic, you have the intangibles to get better at the position, you're going to need that because you are a raw player and you are you do have an uphill battle ahead of

you. But Keem Mitchell's gone. It's justice Hill, Adam Randall, and Derrick Henry for the most part. And uh if Adam Randall can carve out even just a pure handcuff role, like you're getting a pure handcuff for one of the best offenses in the league, that's worth a third round, fourth round rookie pick in this class. Ultimately, when I ask you this question, Cory, who in this rookie class can legitimately be a valid waiverwire pickup in the regular season for, you know, fantasy drafts like when we go in the flock league this year and I said ex player went for $20 in Fab. I can picture the scenario week eight, Derrick Henry misses a three-week stretch, Adam Randle's gonna be going for the number one, number two, number three valuation in Fab. >> Yeah. Yeah. A guy like uh Devin Neil last year is a good example of, okay, you took him in the fourth round, he didn't smash, but you you got a couple usable weeks out of him. He was a good depth piece for your core. And he's

going 40th overall in DLF right now. So, an early to mid fourth round pick and he's actually going undrafted according to keep trade cut. So, this is a player that you do not have to spend very much on. The qualification for this video was that you had to be going outside of the top 24. So, if there's a player that you're like, "Is this guy a sleeper?" And he's going inside the top 24, that's why we didn't talk about him, just FYI. And, uh, real quick, too, uh, I think the most fascinating part about Adam Randall, too, is that people might look at the raw raw, you know, uh, rush yards per attempt because, you know, people will do that. They'll look at the rush yards per attempt, they'll be like, "Ah, 4.8, not that impressive." Let's contextualize this, Corey. He averaged 4.8 8 yards per carry, 3.13 came after contact. That's even more impressive because the offensive line was only creating 1.7 yards before contact per attempt. The Clemson offensive line this

year was a major issue. >> Well, and Cade's ankle was torched for half the year, too. So, like the offense, Antonio Williams wasn't playing well. Wesco and TJ Moore weren't playing super well. The whole team, like every Clemson prospect other than Adam Randall pretty much had a down season this season. So, uh let's move into each of our top three sleepers here. my number three sleeper barely qualifying I will say because in in I would say probably half of leagues maybe 40% of leagues Kron Allen is probably going to sneak his way into round two but he is technically a round an early round three type of player and I think I I look at the skill set that he possesses a four-year consistent contributor to a power four school that had another you know fivestar running back on the roster and Nick Singleton Kron Allen had 20 plus targets every year of his career was legitimately outperforming Nick Singleton in two of those four years as a runner. Vision, patience, really solid

footwork, very solid size and goal line ability and tough as hell, man. He, you know, when he his touchdown celebration when he like kicked the door down or whatever and and, you know, steal all the money. I He's just a nononsense runner. That's just the type of player he is. He is the Brian Robinson replacement. On a floor standpoint, you look like Damen Martinez had some attitude issues. I don't think that's going to be Kron's problem. But on a median and ceiling, I think in the early third round, you could get the next Tank Bsby, the next Jordan Howard, maybe even the next like David Montgomery. Like I think that uh Kron Allen has that type of skill set for a team in Washington that has Rashad White one year$4 million deal. Jerome Ford, really low money, long-term commitment as well. And then Bill Crosky Mr. who we've well documented. Kron Allen is two years younger than and already a better running back then. >> So Corey, I'm going to list you off some

measurements and I'm going to list you off some draft capital. You ready? Okay. >> 5'9 and 7/8, >> 219 lbs, 467 official 40,6 official 10 yard split. 7013 cone drill on a guy that ended up going in his NFL draft. Sixth round, 173rd overall. Guess the player. >> Is that Jordan Howard? >> Similar vibe. >> Um Isaiah Crowell, >> Alfred Morris. >> Okay. Yeah, that's not a bad one. Yeah, I think there's tons of examples. Dave Montgomery, James Connor, like there's tons of examples of guys that didn't run super fast. Cam Scataboo, Jonah Coleman this year as well. I think Kron Allen's just a pro running back. He just knows how to play the position. And I think with Washington last year, you're getting him to hypothetically replace that Chris Rodriguez role. Now, I'm of the opinion that Rashad White will probably be the starting running back this season, but I think that Kron Allen as the season goes along can contribute

to this backfield. It it's ultimately when you have an ambiguous backfield where all of these guys kind of blend together as far as what we think of them as players. I'm gonna take like the mystery box in Kron Allen where I don't know how good he's going to be in the NFL. And I do think given the scheme that they have there, given the type of quarterback Jaden Daniels is, it's really effective as we see in Baltimore to have a big physical running back when you have like a mobile elusive quarterback like Jaden Daniels. Well, I'm not just going to say that, oh yeah, Katron, he's going to win the backfield outright and he's going to end up developing into a 1,600 rushing yard rookie like Alfred Morris did. But when you do paint the picture of the scenario that he's walking into with Washington, Shanahan, system offensive coordinator, obviously Shanahan himself ran it in 2012. Now we do have David Blau there kind of in that Ben Johnson, Kyle Shanahan type of tree. You have a mobile

quarterback that has legitimately I mean hell both of them. >> People called him RG3 when he was coming out of school >> and both ended up winning their offensive rookie of the year. So like yeah it's optimistic. We're kind of you know we're being car salesman here. We're trying to sell you it. But realistically we both like Kron Allen. This is a nononsense runner and he's going to have goal line opportunity if you can win this backfield. Like yeah if he's available in the third run of your draft this is a mustdraft sleeper. Cue the title of the video. >> Yeah. No for sure. So, uh, again, I wouldn't go crazy and take him at like 206. I think he's more of a a two three turn type of player, uh, given the receivers and some of the other guys that are going ahead of him. But, yeah, definitely a player that I'm heavily heavily targeting. My number three sleeper, Danny's number three sleeper here. We're going back to the tight end

position because the tight end class is very underrated. We have Eli Raridan from Notre Dame, now the New England Patriots. They took him with the 95th pick in the draft. and uh guy that I've so far I haven't done many rookie drafts so far, but I have ended up with Eli Raridan a couple times. >> Yeah, that's the exact skill set that they needed. They already basically I would guess implied that uh they view him as a long-term successor for Hunter Henry and Drake May, as we know, is the type of quarterback that you want to enhance this offensive situation. With Eli Raridan, you're walking in here, you have a presumptive number one wide receiver with AJ Brown. Again, we can basically say it because it's almost all but confirmed. like it's not official, but it basically is official. But Eli Raridan, we both really like the mode of Notre Dame. He's got a 66 245lb frame. And you can make the case that this is kind of like the Walmart version of Coulson Lovelin last year. My comp form

was a Dallas Goddard Light type of player. With Lei Riden, you're getting a smooth route runner. You're getting a guy that can realistically open up both down the seam, both across the middle of the field. And I do think in terms of what he needs in this offense, Drake May hasn't had that type of outlet. Hunter Henry great on the goal line. Eli Rarin can be the between the 20s guy for this offense very easily. >> Yeah, the tight end position is sometimes not that hard. Like you go, you get draft capital, third round capital to a really good situation in terms of the offensive coordinator using tight ends. Josh McDaniel's very familiar with featuring tight ends when they're good. And you also have a guy who has an 87th percentile 40 time, an 88th percentile speed score, 84th 84th percentile burst score, a 9.45 RA, who's, you know, 6'6 and some change, 245 lbs, incredible catch radius and wingspan. >> Yeah, Drake May's going to find this guy if he develops. And Raran's problem in

college and why he wasn't like super super productive for his four years is that he was a little bit um in a committee with like Mitchell Evans and Michael Mayer early on in his career. But this year when they needed him to perform, he was able to perform on the same field as the two best running backs in the class, Jeremiah Love and Jadarian Price, and also um Malachi Fields who went in the third round as well. So he's played around NFL competition before, he doesn't need to be the team's number one target or anything like that. But between AJ Brown, Dobs, and Rarin, there's going to be opportunities, especially in the red zone, I think, for Rarin to carve out a nice career for himself. And he's young. He's got a lot of upside. And like I said, that catch radius stat that I talk about all the time, it's really translatable. Like the Trey McBrides and the George KDles of the world, they all have the speed, the size, the wingspan, and the uh and the burst and like jumping ability to be

able to make pretty much catches outside of their frame. And I think Rarin absolutely possesses that. >> Well, shout out to also Max Tusano on reception perception. needed the profile for Eli Raridan cuz I know a big comp that people have had for Riden is oh like he's kind of like the Luke Musgrave of this class because of the size profile because of the way they move in the open field but the main problem for Musgrave and why ultimately Tucker Craft ended up you know proving to be the superior tight end is that he couldn't line up on the line scrimmage he couldn't line up with his hand in the dirt he couldn't line up and wall off a defensive end Max Econo had it charted in terms of the inline reps for Eli Raridan and he is arguably one of the inline blockers in this entire class. So, I saw the same thing on film. I thought he could play on the line of scrimmage. I thought he's a guy that has that versatility to play in line, to also play lined up in that big slot. And

I do trust Josh McDaniels, like you said, to be able to utilize this type of athlete in space. >> Yeah. And another underrated thing about Raridan too is um on reception perception um the amount of targets that he charted that were contested targets is like right in line with your Stowers and Sadi types as far as like he's open more often than he's not. Like for example, Tanner Kosial and some of the other tight ends that had a lot of production, a lot more of their targets were contested. So he I think he does a very good job of getting open. He also ranked top five in the class against both man coverage and zone coverage. So, um, yeah, very, very solid tight end prospect. And again, I think when in doubt, when you're in the third round, you don't really love the receivers on the board. You don't really want to take like a Bryce Lance or you don't want to take a Zachariah Branch or something like that and you're in a tight end premium format. Going after these tight

ends, period, Justin Jolie, Eli Rarid, the ones that we talked about, but also Max Cla and Oscar Delp as well, definitely a viable strategy. Let's uh get into our number two sleepers, respectively. Now again, this is a player that I don't have ranked in the third round or the fourth round, but he does go in the third and the fourth round. And the reason I know this for sure is because I'm on the clock in one league at 307, and I'm about to take him. Uh Jacobe Lane has the size, has the length, has the physicality, and is an awesome red zone threat, as you guys have heard me say all off season, had 12 touchdowns on the same field as Zachariah Branch, Mai Lemon, Deuce Robinson, and Woody Marks. This is a player that is comfortable with having high-end target competition, and I think won't have a lot expected of him right away. He is he probably going to be a little bit of a sacrificial X early on in his career? Maybe because Elijah Serat probably going to play big slot

and then of course Z Flower's the number one receiver there and you still have Mark Andrews as well. But I still maintain the one thing that hasn't changed for me is I still maintain that this player has a lot of upside if he can develop as a route runner. He's long, he's athletic, he has some of the best spectacular catch highlight reel catches in the entire class. He just needs a lot of uh coaching and a lot of um you know development and we don't know what's going to happen a year from now, two years from now in this situation. Maybe Zay Flowers doesn't resign because Serat and Lane take big steps or whatever. I I want Jacobe Lane tethered to one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL. I get the semantics are a little challenging right now, but the comps pop as like DJ Shark, DeAndi Brown, Michael Gallop, and Nico Collins in the model. And he has a higher grade in the model than Jeremy Bernard and Deshawn Stribbling who went in the second round. >> Yeah. The ultimate concern will for Lane

will be, you know, if you look at the reception perception metrics, the separation metrics just weren't there. Um, that's definitely going to be something he needs to get better. >> Development needed there for sure >> in terms of beating man coverage specifically uh because he's if he's going to be a big-time wide receiver, he's going to need to make defenses pay when they line up and press man coverage and say, "Hey, we can stick on yloo. Prove otherwise that we can't." Like that's going to be ultimately the big thing for Jacobe Lane. you would want a situation that maybe had more claim to potentially a big slot opportunity where it's like, hey, he's developing at X, we can move him inside the slot. I wonder if Baltimore really is that because, you know, with Zay Flowers there, he can operate from the slot. Obviously, Elijah Sra probably going to be a full-time big slot uh change considering what they said at the NFL draft. But even still,

man, we saw DeAndre Hopkins once they got inside the 25, inside the 20, inside the 15 last year. Cory, if you can have a more consistent role for Lane than what Hopkins had last year, I can see him even showing flashes as a rookie. >> Yeah. And I think he's going to get a lot of one-on-one opportunities as well. You think of, you know, the shot plays to Tez Walker and like you said, the the red zone opportunities for DeAndre Hopkins. I think that role will be encapsulated in Jacobe Lane. And I think even if he's not separating a ton, I think Lamar will trust him at the catch point because he's going to see him do it uh in camp and in practice all the time. >> Well, that's the thing. I mean, like realistically with DeAndre Hopkins, it's not like he was creating much separation last year either. >> No. And I I don't think this is the same situation as like a Keon Coleman for example, like you mentioned the big slot stuff. I personally do think Jacobe Lane

will be an ex receiver once he develops. He just needs quite a bit of coaching as far as footwork is concerned and tightening up the finer details and uh I think he'll get that. I think he he's a super young player, really good analytical profile, a guy that I just want to bet on in the third round because I do think there's a small scenario that exists where he is, you know, adds a little bit of weight and becomes Courtland Sutton or becomes Michael Pitman Jr. or even becomes T. Higgins or something like that. So, that's kind of where I'm at with Jacobe Lane. I know it's bold to say that, but we're talking about, you know, you got a 10% chance at hitting on a third round rookie pick and if he hits, he could end up being a really good player. So, let's move into Max Claire, who is another tight end that you're talking about here or we're talking about here. Oh, yeah. Like we said, when in doubt, just take these tight ends. And Max Claire, kind of similar to Katron. At times, you're

going to see him go in the second round, especially in like heavy tight end premium formats. But you are technically able to get him in round three. He's the 27th overall player on keep trade cut. And then I believe he's going just outside of the top 30 on uh on DLF right now. >> Yeah. And I love this because um as much as I like Terrence Ferguson last year, there is a good bit of difference in terms of the grade I have on Claire this year versus Ferguson's last year. I believe last year I had a 725 on Ferguson, have a 790 on Claire. And yet when you're talking about where Claire's going in a weaker draft class, he's going around where Terrence Ferguson was last year. And to me, when I look at the Rams, whoever ends up emerging as this tight end one, I'm not saying that both these guys are going to coexist. They're both going to have value and fancy. No, no, that's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying though is in the early to mid- third round, if you bet on Max Claire

and he does end up developing into the true tight end one of this team, I mean, I think Shawn McVeyy's been looking for that Sam Leaport, have been looking for that Coulson Love, been looking for that Brock Bowers, been looking for that move tight end option in his offense because that's realistically what's been missing. You've had these Y tight ends before, the Colobby Parkinson types, the Tyler Higgby types. You take Terrence Ferguson last year, but that didn't stop you from going out and spending another top 65 pick on Max Clair. When I watch Max Clair, yeah, the usage this year at Ohio or at Ohio State, probably not what you want to see, but at the end of the day, you have arguably the top three overall Jeremiah Smith from next year. You have the current number four overall pick that went in the draft this past year. I do think when you sample both the Purdue year two years ago along with the Ohio State year last year for Max Claire, you can point to a player that's

capable of a lot more than when he was asked to. >> Yeah. And I think the thing for me with Claire is okay. Yes. Shawn McVey last year kind of went Arthur Smith mode a little bit where it was 47% of the routes to Tyler Higgby, 45% of the routes to Kobe Parkinson, 36% of the routes to Terren Ferguson, and Davis Allen had 29% of the routs. But like you said, if Max Clare hits, I don't think he could be Sam Laapora, but let's say he's more of like Mark Andrews, Pat Fernuth, or something like that. I think it's possible that one of these tight ends, whether it's Ferguson or Clare, emerges as more like for fantasy, we need 75, 80% of the routes. Like you just point blank period, you can't start a player outside of Dynasty baseball and regular baseball leagues unless they're getting that type of route participation. So, could Max Claire be the upgraded 2.0 know version of the Tyler Higgby days of of before where he was the starting tight end and you actually felt comfortable playing him in

your fantasy matchups because you knew he was getting the routes and whatnot. So, I don't know how it's going to work out. I don't know if Ferguson's just going to be a move Isaiah likely type of guy or if Claire is going to be in a committee. But, I'm okay taking the shot as long as it's round three. I'm not going to take him in round two because I am worried about the actual situation. But it is worth noting that they had Ferguson already who they spent a top 50 pick on and chose still to take a second round tight end here. >> Yeah, I'm totally comfortable doing it in the mid mid to late second because ultimately this is just a situation I want the equity of. If you want to take the Ferguson path, I think that's fine too because he's at a reasonable cost. I will just be doing it with Max Clair because I do think he's a better athlete than what you did based off when we both watched their film. I do think a Sam Laaporta is in the range of outcomes and

if you're getting potentially the number three target on a top five level Rams offense with potential more passing positive aggression too. Keep in mind um with Matthew Stafford, we've seen historically that this has been a run for his team in the red zone. Last year it kind of changed obviously with Devonte Adams coming over. We saw a ton of touchdowns go his way. But I think that's the trend that we're going to start seeing. I think we're going to continue seeing Matthew Stafford throw the ball in the red zone. They have now three, four receiving weapons that can get open in the red area. >> Yeah, for sure. So, let's pivot into our number one sleeper, respectively. And uh for one quarterback leagues, this is going to be obviously le less applicable, but in the fourth round of run one quarterback drafts, I'm still third round of one quarterback drafts, I'm comfortable taking this player. For me, the reason he's my number one sleeper, Drew Aller, quarterback now of

the Pittsburgh Steelers, is because of anybody that's going outside of the first two rounds. And I checked, I made sure because he ain't ranked in the third round for me. I am ranked at 203 in my rankings right now, but Drew Aller in I think every one of my drafts that I've done except for one so far has gone in the third round. Drew Aller is ranked as the 35th overall player on keep trade cut on DLF. He is ranked outside of the top uh 30 overall players as well. Drew has the highest ceiling of any player that you're going to get in that area. He has everything that an NFL quarterback can dream of. From the five-star pedigree that he had, dubbed the next Josh Allen coming out of high school, the arm talent, the size, the mobility. I think he needs to run the ball more than he did in college because he looked comfortable running the football. His anticipation and reads are pretty developed, especially when you factor in that he was a starter pretty much all four years of his college

career. I think that in the pocket, he displays a good ability to escape when he needs to, to climb up the pocket when he needs to. He has that playmaker gene because he trusts his arm. he can get outside the pocket and whip one across his body and still make those Josh Allen, Patrick Mahomes types of plays look easy. I'm not going to call him that as far as what his ceiling could be. I think he's more Jackson Dart than those guys just because of how he plays the game and like the physical running style that Jackson Dart had. But think about Jackson Dart last year. If you drafted him at the 202, 203, 204, I get he had first round capital, but you feel very very good about that draft pick. Pittsburgh has a good situation. They have three receivers now with Pitman, with Metaf, and with Jeremy Bernard. They have Fri Youth in Washington at tight end. They have a stable of running backs that can all play. And Mike McCarthy has developed quarterbacks before, including the quarterback ahead

of him on the depth chart and Aaron Rogers, assuming he's back at all. So, it's basically just Geral versus Will Howard for the backup job right away. And Will Howard was not drafted by this coaching staff. He was drafted last year, three rounds later by the previous regime. So, I'm very comfortable thinking, yeah, we're going to get a selling window on Jerella at the very least in the next two years. And I expect him to play games either this year, Rogers doesn't play, gets hurt, they want to get a look at him, or next year Rogers retires. I think at some point Derer will be on the field and I don't think Pittsburgh will be bad enough to be taking a quarterback in 2027 super high in the draft. Yeah, I think if it works out, it could look similar to like what we saw from Daniel Jones this year, too, where, you know, uh, given the context of the offense he played with Penn State. Probably going to be more of a, you know, quick West Coast type of offense, especially given

the fact that Mike McCarthy is going to be calling it, you're probably going to be ending up in a situation where if he does work out, you could get 400 to 500 rushing yards, four to five rushing touchdowns. And we'll see how he ends up developing as a passer because that is going to be the biggest hurdle. Like, he needs to increase his accuracy. He needs to get better in terms of his footwork in the pocket. That was the big area I think between us. I evaluated the pocket presence more so the footwork, the consistency, and you evaluated it more so as the ability to avoid sacks. >> Well, and also the ability to handle pressure and make throws under pressure. His footwork and mechanics are a huge problem. It's definitely going to be the biggest thing he needs to work on. I will say though, like the idea that he needs to play in the type of system he played at in Penn State, it kind of is a little bit Justin Herberty to me where we're like we didn't get to quite appreciate Justin Herbert, the

college player, as much because of the system he played in. And I think that it's a little bit like that at Penn State. And the reason they played like that is because they had Kron Allen and Nick Singleton. And they didn't really have any good receivers outside of Tyler Warren. His entire career, his next best receiver was Keandre Lambert Smith two years before he was draft eligible. This year, his receivers sucked ass. And in 2024, they sucked ass outside of Tyler Warren. >> No, I think that's very reasonable. And ultimately, um, I'm more so on the area where if he's falling to me in the late second, early third round, that's about where I'm at with him. But you're actually willing to get aggressive and take him like top 13, top 14 is the deal. >> Yeah. Because ultimately we're going to look back on this rookie class and we're going to see three to four hits, five hits maybe out of the second round, two to three hits out of the third round,

two to three hits out of the fourth round. That's just how rookie drafts work three to four years down the road. And if Drew is one of those hits, he can be Jackson Dart in terms of dynasty value. Like Jackson Dart right now, you get two ones for him on the open market. Like all can be that valuable on the open market if he ends up hitting. >> Yeah. or the very minimum the peak of what Daniel Jones was where you can get like a first and a half, you know? >> Yeah. I guess the difference between you and I is like the Max Cla athleticism thing versus the Drew Aller and Daniel Jones comparison. I just think he has significantly better >> Oh, he's got a better arm. I'm just saying like that's what it would like. It would be a better arm version of Daniel Jones. I think it worked out because ultimately the reason why I say that is more so the internal clock of Daniel Jones and what he kind of looks like when mentally he's kind of flustered. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, I think that's fair. Um,

the final sleeper that we have is your number one sleeper. And again, another player that both of us don't have ranked in the third round. Um, even me, I'm not he's not my number one sleeper, but I do have him ranked well ahead of where he's going. Um, Ted Hurst, wide receiver of my Tampa Bay Buccaneers, currently going off the board as the 28th overall player on keep trade cut. When you take a look at where he's going on um, DLF, he is actually technically the 24th overall player. So he's like right on the fringe of, you know, when you combine those two sources, he's like basically the 301, 302, 303. Maybe he sneaks into the second round. Regardless, in this class, a late second is basically a third or a fourth in any other class. >> Yeah, exactly. And ultimately, when you look at this past year at Georgia State, you're getting a guy that was averaging over 14 yards per reception, n or six receiving touchdowns this year, nine receiving touchdowns the year prior. I'm

just very impressed by how nuanced he was, even despite the level of competition. Because when I watched Bryce Lance, I realized I'm like, "Okay, I like the player, but he's clearly winning on his overall advantage of athleticism at this level." With Ted Hurst, you do see him snapping routes. You do see three level level uh threele separation. You do see a guy that still has that natural ability to separate on the boundaries, 6'4, 206b frame. And on top of that, you're now landing in a situation with the Buccaneers at 84 overall where you're the archetype of wide receiver that they were missing. I do think this year probably gonna look a combination. You're gonna get a Duka there. Obviously Godwin's still going to be the vet there. Probably gonna play a lot on the outside. Joe McMillan's going to work into the slot as well. But in the long term, if you're saying, okay, Godwin's maybe got a year or two left, he is the one guy that is going to play

80 plus% of his routes on the outside. And I do think if anybody's going to replace the Mike Evans role, it's going to be Ted Hurst. He's a guy that I can see week 10, week 11, week 12, down the stretch this year, you are in the best ball, you know, you're going from the quarterfinal to the semi-final to the best ball mania final and you need a piece that can take you over the top. I can see Ted Hurst being the guy that gives you four for 75 and two touchdowns because he's got that downfield separation. He's got that competitiveness at the catch point. It might take a little bit of a learning curve to start the year, but realistically, if this works out, my confer was Michael Gallup. There are a ton of similarities here. And I also said to you when I initially watched him, this looks like small school George Pickkins. >> Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of development that needs to take place, but I'm biased obviously. I We're good at developing receivers. Like look at Tez Johnson

contributes last year. Jaylen McMillan his first two years looks good. Acha Ibuka right from jump before he suffered his hamstring injury was playing like a rookie of the year type of player. So is there target competition? Is there route participation competition? I do think that, you know, we're going to see Godwin and and Ibuka run 80 85 90% of the team's routes and then McMillan, Tez Johnson, and Ted Hurst probably all somewhere between 60 and 40%. Like they are going to use a little bit of a platoon behind those guys if I had to imagine. But like you said, >> Ted Hurst is the type of player at 6'4, 210 lbs, who has a super super high ceiling to become even potentially like we're not going to like say this is likely, he could be the number one of this team long term. like he's that type of he's if he has a Nico Collins or Kenny Gay like career trajectory, it might be him and Acha Ibuka is biting it, battling it out for the top receiver in this offense going forward.

>> Yeah. And in a bad draft class, I'm comfortable taking this in the early second round. I have him as a top 15 overall player. Now, I know I'm on an island there, but this is my wide receiver a pre-draft. This is a guy that I called as one of my guys coming into the draft. And he goes into what I view as an above average landing spot here with Tampa Bay. Like you said, open receiver core long term and an offense that has proven they can throw the ball for 4,500 plus yards, 30 plus passing touchdowns on a given year. >> Yeah. I mean, Baker's one year removed from a 40 touchdown season. >> Yeah. >> Like 40 touchdowns he had in 2024. And they their offensive line was hurt all all season. It's one healthy, one of the best five to 10 units in the league at very, very minimum. And they also made a bunch of really impactful defensive additions that I think will help, you know, time a possession and things of that nature. So, yeah, I don't have him

quite where you do. He's my 18th overall player. So, I have him what, 205, 206. Um, but I'm still very comfortable taking him above market because like I said, he is basically going if you average the two sites about 26 and a half. So, he's like the 301 302 on most uh most drafts that are going to be taking place. Well, that's the beauty of his current ADP, Corey. He's not going in the top 24 players. So, even if I have him at 13 or 14 and you have them at 18, >> in drafts that we were we aren't going headtohead, we're going to have 100% ownership of them, >> which is not many leagues because you and I are in a lot of leagues together, but other than that, yeah, we would be. And we're giving advice to you guys. You guys are going to be able to go out and get plenty of value on him as well. So, those are 10 sleepers, 10 players that we are basically smashing the draft button on in the third, fourth round. And some of these guys, like Cole Payton

especially, I think will go undrafted in a lot of people's leagues. Some of these guys don't cost you anything. Like they're just taxi squad stashes as well. So those are the players that we're smashing. The sleepers that we're going after and really the hidden gems of this year's rookie class. I would say if we look back on this video two, three years from now and three of these guys ended up posting really great careers, that would be a very solid hit rate. You think of last year, the video that we did, we had selling windows on some of those guys. Harold Fannon was in this video last year. Two years ago in 2024, I believe with Tyrone Tracy was in that video. Three years ago, Chase Brown was the number one sleeper in that video. So, we're just looking to hit, let's say, the average hit rate in this territory of the draft is 10 15%. We're looking to hit 25 30%. If we can do that, we're going to be well above our league mates in the long term. find some

hidden round gems and really take those rebuilds and and accelerate them quickly because once you hit on a Bucky Irving, once you hit on a Chase Brown, once you hit on a Tyrone Tracy, once you hit on a Harold Fannon or a Gadson from last year, you're going to turn your rebuild around pretty quickly. >> This is why we say for house money teams, uh, wait and see until at least week six because you never know what emerges. Like again, it sounds wishful coming into a year where it's like, "Oh, if Bucky Irving becomes an RB2 or if Chris Godwin uh down the stretch in 2019 takes that step in development or um CD Lamb, he turns from a good wide receiver one into a league winner." Like, there are a lot of things that can develop in a year. Even if you place them below a 20% chance of happening coming in, that ends up happening, man. The season's unpredictable. You never know what is going to materialize. So ultimately be fluid. >> Yeah, be fluid for sure. And again, we

talked about it in yesterday's video, trading down and acquiring a lot of picks in this territory do in large part to a lot of these players because we want to get multiple bites at the apple. If you're at 206 and you want to take Ted Hurst there and you don't have to and someone offers you 209 plus 304, well, you might walk away with Ted Hurst and Eli Riden uh from this video, for example. So that's why we're doing that. And uh yeah, make sure you guys leave a like down below if you enjoyed. Subscribe to the channel if you're new. If you are curious, hey, I like these, you know, player cards that you have here. The uh prospect uh draft guide, the Dynasty Wall Street Journal uh version six is out right now. Uh 60 plus total player writeups and uh videos. You guys can see the prospect video above Geral's uh you know, broccoli haircut there. If you hit that uh if you hit that prospect video, you're going to watch a video of me specifically in Geral's case breaking down his tape, how

I got to the grade that I got. As you could see before the draft, I actually had him ranked ahead of Tai Simpson as the quarterback two in this class. And you could see my comp there being Jackson Dart and whatnot. For these prospects specifically, it's probably more likely one of us breaking them down because they are more later round guys. But for the higherend guys, like for example, Jacobe Lane made this video. Both of us are breaking him down in that video um because he was considered to go a little bit higher than where he ended up going. So if the prospect uh draft guide uh interests you, go check that out. The film breakdowns are there. You can also use the prospect model. Um, you could see on Jacobe Lane here, you see that floor Terrace Marshall Median Adai Mitchell sealing Nico Collins. You can see all of that stuff on the prospects tab of flockfantasy.com. And as we have made reference to before, if you guys want to get our draft guide for the cheapest possible amount, you can sign

up on underdog fantasy right now using promo code FSE. Make a play, deposit a minimum of $10, make a pick entry on NBA NHL playoffs. Big shout out to RJ Barrett Rowan Alexander Barrett Jr. hitting an absolute heater last night against the Cavaliers and also to NHL playoffs. Your Habs, did they win last night? >> Uh, not quite, unfortunately. Um 0 going into overtime, losing in overtime is not great. But, uh, I'm sure by the time you guys are watching this, following Sunday, you're going to be watching a game seven for the ages. That series, onegoal games each of the first six. You can't get close. You can't get any closer than that. >> Yeah. I want it felt like the Cavs Raptor series has been like eight point game or less every single game of the series as well outside of the first two games. So yeah, uh make a pick entry on the NBA or NHL playoffs. Do a best uh basketball mania entry, a puppy draft. All you have to do is sign up with code FSE, deposit a minimum of $10, make a

play on the site, and you will get both our dynasty draft guide and our reddraft and weekly rankings once they come out later on this summer for free in your email inbox within 24 hours sent to you directly by underdog. So that is the best way you can do $100 value for a $10 signup, which you can then win money with. So, both of those are linked down below in the pin comment if you guys are interested. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
