The 2026 NFL scouting combine is underway this weekend, but a lot of people all over Dynasty Twitter. Everybody in the Dynasty landscape knows that the combine doesn't always mean everything. We see great prospects test terribly every year and still be good in the NFL. We see bad prospects test incredibly every year and not be great in the NFL. So, today we're going to break down 35 things you need to watch for at the NFL combine. Quickly before we get into today's video, we are running a brand new Dynasty Listener League startup. All the rules will be listed down below in the Google form if you guys want to apply to be in that league. Obviously, annual site Mother Flockers with promo code FSE will have the best chance of getting in, but free submissions will also get a ballot as well. So, check that out down below. Danny, let's start it off with the guys who won't be testing or won't be doing everything at the combine before we get into the 35 takeaways. >> Yeah, and the main two guys at wide

receiver are going to be Mai Lemon and Elijah Serat. Uh Eliza Serat reportedly going to run his drills at the proday. Likewise with Mica Lemon. None of them are going to be doing testing at the combine. They're going to interview. We're, you know, potentially hear some narratives coming out of that. But in terms of the actual testing, don't expect him to be performing. Carninal Tate only expected to run the 40. We'll talk about that in a second, but that could be a big time for him if he runs 4445. Already expected to be a top 10 pick. We'll see what the implications are on his draft stock. Fernando Mendoza isn't expected to do anything. We know he's going to, you know, interview. Well, he's going to be the first overall pick. We didn't really need to see much from him anyways. Injured players like Arizona State's wide receiver Jordan Tyson dealing with a hamstring injury. Louisville wide receiver Chris Bell recovering from his torn ACL. And Penn

State running back Nicholas Singleton unfortunately fracturing his foot early in the senior goal. >> Yeah, the other thing Mai Lemon and Sro I do believe are going to run the gauntlet and do the drills, but they're not going to do any physical, you know, 40 time jump agility testing and that kind of thing. And then another guy that was probably more under the radar, but a tight end from Georgia, Oscar Delp, who was once considered a Debbie Darling, cuz he is really fast apparently. He's not expected to do anything at the combine, which sucks for him because that was his calling card was to test well and maybe improve his draft draft stock that way. >> And a pretty wild story because we find out found out this morning like apparently he played the entire season with a fracture in his foot that they found at the combine x-ray. So, uh, from a liability perspective is why he's not testing because apparently he wanted to. >> Yeah. And these are just the names we

know of now. We're about a day and, you know, 4 hours away from most of these players taking the field. I'm sure we're going to hear more stuff like, "Hey, this guy, you know, tweaked something in drills. He's probably not going to run the 40 or whatever." But these are the names we know of. Now, Danny, let's get into the top 35 takeaways, things that actually matter from the 2026 NFL scouting combine. And all of these are like specific to the player, cuz you know, the 40 matters for some people, but it it doesn't matter for others. The jumping matters for some people, but it doesn't matter for others. This is kind of based on the tape, the profile that we already have. You already kind of made reference to it. The first takeaway that we have is how fast is Carnell Tate OSU wide receiver because Carnell Tate on film there's moments where he gets caught from behind. There's moments where he might look like he has mid45 low 45 speed. He's projected to run a

452 according to NFL draft buzz, but like you said, if he runs in the mid44s or something like that, he's going to improve his draft stock. >> Yeah, I was a little higher on his top end speed. I had him somewhere in the 448 to 452 range is about what I saw on film. Uh kind of like what George Pickkins ran at his combine. But if he goes out there, again, this is a guy that's already being considered as a top 10 pick. If he blows away with like a 444 or 445, test well in terms of the overall interviews, like this is a guy that we're kind of viewing more so in like the six to 10 range, I would say, of draft capital, but maybe we start to see his name, you know, number two to the Jets, number four to the Titans, maybe, you know, number five overall to the New York Giants. Like, I think that could be his new range. I love what Sunni Styles did at the testing. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. And uh um Tate isn't expected to do anything else. As much as I'd like to see him jump and do

agilityities, he's probably not going to do that till Ohio State's proday if he does it at all. Uh number two kind of thing, and we're going to talk about wide receivers here first. How big is Texas&M wide receiver Casey Conpsion? Because I remember my comp for Casey Conpion is Chris Ave. When Chris Lave was coming out of Ohio State, he was listed 6' 190 and he weighed in at 6' 178 at the NFL combine. So, I would like to see Casey Conpsion get as close to that 190 listed size as humanly possible. I expect him to come in a little bit lighter because I'm sure he wants to test really well and run fast and that kind of thing. Um, but he also looks like a great athlete on tape. So, I want to see you put up a nice athletic day here. Let's put up like an 8.59 RS score or better. Yeah, he's the type of guy that you're going to be looking at to look smooth in the agility drills test, you know, between like a 438 to 446 type in the 40. But if he goes out there as well and he just, you know,

shocks, runs like a 434, we could be kind of hearing his name called more so in the top 20 range as opposed to maybe the 20 to 35 range he's currently in. >> Yeah. Uh Denzel Boston, another guy in that tier. Washington wide receiver Denzel Boston. He's big, 6'4, 210. Let's see him come in officially at that size. I don't want to see him coming in 6'2 and 1/8 or something like that. He has good production, but what is the top end speed? Cuz I you and I are a little bit split on this from the rest of the draft community. You and I both thought he was like high low fours kind of guy, but I've seen people argue that he might be faster than that. So, what does he actually run in the 40? And for me, one of the most important things of any wide receiver prospect is how good are his agility drills if he runs them? Because my concern number one with Denzel Boston was how does he get in and out of his breaks? What is his ceiling as a route runner? But if he has great agility,

then I would go back to the tape and kind of see maybe what his ceiling could be as a route runner. >> Yeah, one of my big gripes cuz like you said, top end speed, we both agree he was a little bit slower than maybe some of the consensus is on him. Um, I thought he was more so like a 452 to 456 type of speed guy is where I was at, but I've seen people say, "Hey, I expect him to run 445." So, we'll see where he ends up uh ending up. Sorry. Um, you mentioned in terms of the height, 6'4 210 is what he's listed at. We don't want to see 6'2 195 pounds. That's going to be a big thing for him. And on top of that with the agilityities, so many times my issue with him in terms of his core balance really showed up, like you said, in and out of breaks, stemming his routes. He needs to be a guy that we see run smoothly in the gauntlet. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Um, fast rising wide receiver, Omar Cooper Jr. from Indiana. Both my guys kind of for us,

both of us have him in our top five receivers and above Denzel Boston. Um, he's got to light it up, man. He's got to continue. The steam engine is going for Omar Cooper. People are talking about him as a first round caliber prospect. Bugler, Daniel Jeremiah, etc. Let's see him blow it up. Let's see him run in the mid-44s. Let's see a really high agility number. I think he can jump too. I want to see him jump really well, have a good burst score. And my number one concern with Omar Cooper on film was like he didn't really have the most diverse route tree in the world. So, I'd actually like to see him run some drills as well. I'd like to see what he looks like in and out of some of the more complex routes that he's going to be running. >> Yeah. And on top of that, one of the main criticisms that maybe people that are lower on Omar Cooper had would be the utilization like you said he had this year. Uh I I want to see how he's able to track the ball over his

shoulder. I want to see how he's able to make adjustments on poor throws. I really want to see how he's used deep in some of these drills just to kind of give the NFL that oh, he can do it even if he wasn't asked to do it necessarily 2025 at Indiana. >> Yeah. And the drills again to belabor the point that we said at the beginning, they don't really matter for the most part. Like I don't really judge people based on the drills at the combine, but for certain guys, Omar Cooper being one of them. I do kind of want to see what he looks like in the drills. And uh Tennessee wide receiver Chris Purcell is another guy that I I really want to see a big day from because at 6'5, 200 plus pounds. Again, come in at that size ideally, I would love to see some really top end juice. Let's see a low 44 here. Let's see some good agilityities because on tape he looks like he has pretty good agility despite his size and vertical, too, because that's how he wins. He's a

downfield receiver. I want to see him jump high because he's going to need to high point the football in the NFL. >> Yeah. The way he races his stock is people are going to have to say, "Well, he's not like any of the other Tennessee wide receivers that have come out." We can see him being developed into like a Martavis Bryant type. And in order for that to happen, like you said, he needs to have the frame. I mean, 65 200lb listed, I don't think that's going to be a concern unless like he somehow is 6'3, 185 lbs. Yeah, that would be a concern, but very unlikely in my opinion that would happen. He looks big on film. But more importantly for me would be his smoothness in and out of breaks. Kind of seeing what he looks like in terms of those routes. Kind of seeing what the agility drills look like, the three cone looks like because I think it's no denying that he's going to run somewhere between 438 and 443. >> Yeah. And if he runs like a 456 or

something randomly like that would be bad news for him because that's how he wins. Again, does a 456 mean the same for every receiver as it does for others? No. But it does matter when you win downfield and that's kind of your game. Um speaking of speed, uh UG wide receiver Zachariah Branch. Um, do we see kind of an Xavier worthy like rise from him running potentially in the 42s? Like I I he could easily run that fast. Um, am I going to double count it? No, because I know he's fast. But NFL teams might use that to go, okay, he's now instead of a mid to late second round prospect, people view him as a first round prospect. >> Yeah, I think at this point like the race is going to be who can be like the fourth, fifth, and sixth wide receiver off the board. And I would say right now, Zack Branch is on the outside looking in. But like we saw with Xavier Worthy, like how did he separate from Lad Mcconkey? How did he separate from Keon Coleman? Guys that were kind of in

his tier range of the NFL draft when he was coming out is because he broke the damn 40 yard dash record. Like if Zack Branch goes out there and he runs 425, 426, somewhere in that vicinity, we're going to be seeing a guy that's going to be commonly mocked, routinely mocked in the 20 to 32 range. >> Yeah. And another thing for Branch, too, is his route tree was all short and intermediate stuff. So, the deep ball tracking and the downfield stuff in the drills, I would be curious to see what he looks like in that because I know he has the athleticism to do that. I just want to see him do it in the drills. Um, I think this might be the biggest takeaway of anything as far as anything on this list because the biggest wide receiver sleeper in this entire class is TCU wide receiver Eric Mallister. What is his draft capital going to be? Do we hear any buzz? Do we hear any, you know, notes? Cuz a I think he could test pretty well. He's 6' 3", 200 lb. He can run pretty fast in the like high fours

or something like that and jump really well and do the agilityities really well. But the most important thing for him is he has off the- field concerns. So how does he interview? What does the draft capital buzz look like 3 weeks from now as opposed to what it is now which is like he's projected to be a fifth or a sixth rounder? >> Yeah. If we see a nine plus ra and all the reports coming out of the combine are like, "Oh, he interviewed extremely well. He took accountability for all the stuff that happened in college. he seems like a changed man instead of, you know, the Diego Pabia uh quote on the maturity where I'm not 25 yet and our 25 is when the frontal lobe is fully developed. It's like that's not what I want to be hearing coming out of Eric Mallister's camp. Let's just be perfectly clear. >> Yeah. And even today, like they're going to be interviewing and doing uh press conferences and whatnot. He's not a super high level prospect, so I can't

imagine he's going to get a ton of facetime on the on the cameras or whatever. But again, interviewing for him is the most important thing because there's going to be a team that takes a chance on him if he interviews well, but there won't be a team that takes a chance on him if he doesn't interview well. And for Eric Mallister, third round draft capital might make him a top six to eight receiver in this class. So, um, another guy that I think NFL teams are really excited about, Jeremy Bernard from Alabama. I think he could make himself some money because both you and I kind of felt the same about him which is that this is he's solid. He's a good like wide receiver three maybe Exactly. He could be a team's number two or something. But if he tests really well I that would make me go back to the tape a little bit and and maybe think that there's a bit higher of a ceiling than I'm giving him credit for. >> Yeah. Like he does a lot of things well.

We kind of thought you know he was more of like a jack of all trades master of none. He uh you know attacked the ball well uh well well in the air, but was he overall you know an exceptional point of attack type of player? Not necessarily. He had good route running. Was he an elite route runner? Not necessarily. He had solid Yak. Was he an elite Yak player? Not necessarily. But if he goes out there and he tests extremely well, maybe the range that we thought in terms of his skill set is maybe a little bit higher in each capacity. >> Yeah, for sure. Um one of my favorite prospects in the entire draft is Jacobe Lane. Now Jacobe Lane's kind of getting a Keon Coleman tag slapped on him right now. He can't separate. He's a big wide receiver. etc. First of all, young player, lot of upside. I want to see him weigh in a little better. Like I think he weighed in what, 195 or something like that at the Senior Bowl. Maybe he packs on a little bit of weight. Maybe he stays that size because he wants

>> Yeah. Like how how he wins is with um size and like contested catch ability. So he's got to jump high first of all. He's got to have a good vertical. And I want to see what his agility look like because if he has good agilityities, then his route running concerns, separation concerns are more a matter of nuance than they are of athleticism. And if it's a matter of athleticism and he runs like 24th percentile agilityities, I'm going to lower my grade on him because I do really really like Jacobe Lane's ability to become a better route runner at the next level with proper coaching. >> Yeah, he's viewed as a raw athlete. Go test like an athlete. >> Yeah, for sure. And again, agilityities and jumps very important for him. I think he's going to run fine. I think he'll probably run the low fours, maybe high fours at best. But, uh, the agilityities in the vert really important for him. Clemson wide receiver Antonio Williams. uh this is the guy

that I think could have the best agilityities of the entire group of the wide receiver position. How he wins is with quickness. So I want to see some great numbers. The other thing for him too is I don't want to hear any medical red flags on him because he did have a injury riddled senior season. So um Williams I would like to see him put up some nice numbers both in the 40 jumps and agilityities because I think like Josh Downs Khalil Shakir is within the range of outcomes if he test well. Yeah, with Antonio Williams, he was a guy that when I initially just watched the 2025 games, I was left disappointed, but once you go back and watch 2024, you do become higher on him. So, like you said, I just want to hear that medically he's checked out because I do believe it had a big severe impact on his 2025 bottom line. >> Oh, absolutely. He looked like a different player in 2025. Um, the NFL draft crush number two, obviously Omar Cooper is the hot name right now, but Malachi Fields, the wide receiver from

Notre Dame, is a big- time, you know, Daniel Jeremiah Bugler Kyper type of name. Um, we both had issues with both top end speed and especially kind of his ability to get in and out of breaks, agilityities, and stuff. If he tests really well, I will go back to the tape and rewatch some of it on him. I'm not going to just raise his grade automatically because on tape, I didn't think he was that great of an athlete. >> No, I I agree. This is going to be one that we have to track afterwards. Like spoiler alert, I didn't think he was a great athlete on film. I kind of disagree with the narrative that's kind of being spewed about him. I've seen him, you know, mocked in the first round because he's this, you know, big downfield ex wide receiver that wins at the catch point. And to me, it's just a big average athlete that wins at the catch point. That's kind of how I look at him. >> Yeah. So, let's see. Let's see him in the drills, too. See how he looks in and

out of breaks and that kind of thing. Um, lots of I mean, this receiver class is loaded, obviously. lots of small school guys um that have a chance to make some money here. Uh Ted Hurst from Georgia State reportedly had a good senior bowl. Let's keep that momentum going. He's big. He can potentially test pretty well. Um Skyler Bell from Yukon, he can make himself some money because I think he's got some good juice to him. I just graded him the other day. He's probably got low 44 speed in in the chamber. And uh a lot of I heard um I think it was James Palmer from 89 said he NFL teams told him that they remind him of Jaden Reed a little bit, Skyler Bell. So, that's an interesting comp there. And then one of my favorite kind of like sleepers of the class. He's older. He's going to be 25 in his rookie season, but Bryce Lance from NDSU, I think he could blow this thing up. I think he could have a monster combine and make himself a lot of money because he's projected to go in the fourth round

right now, but second or third round's within the range of outcomes if he goes and blows it up. >> And yes, that is the exact Lance you're thinking of. This is Trey Lance's brother. >> Yeah. And uh Trey Lance was there at the same time as Bryce Lance. So that's that tells you how long Bryce Lance has been in college. and unfortunately wasn't really productive until his uh sen true senior season last year and then his red shirt senior season this past uh season as well. Um but those guys, the small school guys can make themselves some money. Um NFL draft bros have two guys that they like a lot more than us in the fantasy space. Mississippi State wide receiver Brennan Thompson who also has a chance to threaten the 40-yard dash record who ran a 10-1 in high school absurdly fast. and Oklahoma wide receiver Deion Burks who is terribly unproductive, but you know, the NFL draft capital might be there for both of these guys. So, they're going to be names that we have to pay attention to

whether we like it or not if they go in the second or the third round. >> I mean, 10 one 100 meter in high school is ridiculous. If he if if he stayed in track for a couple years, we could be talking about a guy threatening Olympic trials. >> Yeah. No. and like he actually kind of reminded me a little bit of Maris Goodwin when I watched him who actually was an Olympic sprinter at one point in his um in his athletic career. Um and then any super sleepers, you know, Jeff Caldwell from Cincinnati has a high trades grade in the model. Maybe he goes out there and and tests really well. Deshawn Stribbling from Miss also has a very high trades grade. He could test very well. Maybe guys that I don't even have on my radar like uh I know Tyron Montgomery didn't get invited to the combine which is really unfortunate. Um but there's a couple >> right? Uh yeah, he was at the senior bowl, I think. >> Senior Bowl. Okay. My apologies. I knew it was the Shrine or the Senior. I knew

he uh had a lot of buzz coming out of that. >> Yeah, he did. Yeah. And it's surprising he didn't get invited to the combine, but any super sleeper wide receivers. It's already a deep enough class as it is, but you know, you never know with a big time athlete going out there and and ripping a time like Taekquin Thornton, I don't think, was anybody on anybody's radar coming into that combine and then he went like the second round because of the time that he ran. So, it matters for Draft Capital. I'm not saying it matters from like a real fantasy perspective. If they're good, they'd probably be on our radar, but it could matter for draft capital. >> We want these guys that we weren't we aren't really intrigued by to test extremely well, so that way their ADP goes up. >> Exactly. Yeah. Um, let's kind of pivot into the running back position here. Obviously, the crown jewel of the class is Jeremiah Love. He is expected to do pretty much everything even though he

probably doesn't have to, I would imagine. Um, first of all, let's way above 210, 215 like you're listed. That will be important for him. And I I would like to see him just be a 9 plus RA score athlete because I think he is that. Um, he reportedly could run like low 44s, 440, something in that range. So, don't be slow. Don't run a 452. And, uh, also, um, I think he should have great agilities and jumps as well. Do pull a Sunny Styles, Jerem. >> Yeah. Go be a freak. Go be a 9.5 RA. Oh, maybe because I mentioned with Sunny Styles, like he kind of went from a guy that was mocked, you know, 12 to Dallas, 15 to Tampa Bay. He was, you know, in the fringe top 10. Now it's like I would be shocked if he wasn't picked by one of the Jets, the Cardinals, the Giants, or uh who's that forward? Titans. The Titans. Like I Sunonny Styles ain't making it in the top five. Jeremiah Love, go be that guy that completely carves it up and maybe goes from a top 10 type of pick to more so a top six to8

type of guy. >> Yeah, absolutely. And then obviously the the questions of this class at the running back position come after Jeremiah Love. First, >> one more thing on him, by the way. Um, I I want to see him absolutely dominate in the receiving drills out of the combine because that guy's receiving skill set we both thought was legitimately high-end top three to five level skill set potential in the NFL. I want to see him go run the drills out. I want to see him go show off that route tree, show off the in-n-outs, show off his ability at the catch point because I really do feel like his overall production maybe isn't a testament to just how good of a receiver he was at Notre Dame. Yeah, I want to see like Bejan Cam Acres drills with from him too because he's got he's got great feet as a running back. Anyways, I'm not expecting Jeremiah Love to really make himself any money, but just just do the thing. Do the thing. Go look like a freak show. Go look like the

absolute best running back there and it's not even close. Um Washington running back Jonah Coleman is on the thumbnail of this video. And again, another one of I would say like if I had to put my top five list out of these 35, he would be this would be like two or three probably on the list. Jonah Coleman is listed with optimistically like 4550 type of speed. I don't want him to be too slow, man, cuz he's my 106 in my rankings right now. Like I need I need him to go and check that box. Do not be too slow. Yeah. And that's going to be a big thing for him because he's kind of got like the Cam Scataboo uh profile where it's like, you know, bigger physical running back between the tackles, receiving profile coming out of college. The issue for Scataboo is he ran a 465 held to the fourth round. Jonah Coleman, if he ran a 465, unfortunately, will probably end up going on the early day three. Although maybe teams with seeing how Scataboo played would probably more so take him

in the third round. >> Learn their lessons on that [ __ ] I feel like they do it any anyways. >> But if he goes out there and he runs a 453, this guy's going to be a top 50 to 60 draft pick. >> Yeah. Yeah, that would be huge. I I I would say that's still pretty optimistic on his draft capital projection. I think it would solidify him in the third round. I think if he cracks the four fours, then maybe he would get into the second round. But that would be crazy >> based on his his I also kind of want to see what his size is too because he kind of fluctuated his weight throughout the the college at Arizona. Then he said he was down to 220 or so at at Washington. What does he actually weigh in at? I think he'll probably come in at like 218 because he's probably going to try and run fast. >> Yeah. No, he's definitely going to be probably a tick under 220 because like you said his major money maker. Teams don't care if you're 218 or 223. Teams

care if you run a 452 versus a 459. Yeah, exactly. Um, the other kind of like tier two running back of this class is Jadarian Price from Notre Dame. Um, he's got to blow it up, man. He's got to blow it up. He's a traits guy. He has speed. He has burst. I would argue have more burst than Jeremiah Love has. Like, he is he has shot out of a cannon fast. So, I want to see him run quick. And I also want to see >> Speaking of bag drill. >> Yeah, >> speaking of bag drill, this guy's feet on tape were so good. I want to see those quick feet in action. >> Yeah. And I want to see him run pass catching drills because he has almost no receiving production. So, I does it really matter what he looks like in pass catching drills in the ultimate grand scheme of things. No. But would it matter for his draft capital? Maybe if a team thinks that he's going to be a better receiver in the NFL than he was in college. Yeah, it could. >> Well, well, we mentioned, you know,

Jonah Coleman. Okay, maybe with a big big time combine he can raise, you know, top 50, top 60 overall pick is kind of what I said. Jar Jaren Price, if he goes out there and crushes, man, like bull take, does he get taken like 30th overall by the Broncos? Like he's already kind of projected to be a mid to early second round pick. He could even end up in the late first round if he tests well. >> Yeah. No, he absolutely could. What if Kenneth Walker leaves Seattle? I think Jared Price is very similar to Kenneth Walker. It's possible they pull the trigger at 32. >> Yeah, I love that. There's some rumblings now that Walker might go sign with the Texans because of Joe Mix's foot. >> Yeah. I mean, I would love him in Houston. That would be >> Oh, yeah. Um, speaking of the other running backs here, we have EMTT Johnson. Our biggest question for him is we didn't really love the contact balance, the size kind of an issue. He's listed 5'11 200. Hopefully he's that

big, man, because it wouldn't shock me if he comes in and 192 pounds. >> Yeah, we're we're at the same number. Yeah, like I can see him being closer to the 190 range than he is 200. And if you weigh 192 and in my opinion, he's more of a 45 guy than a 44 guy. If he doesn't blaze the 40 at 192, like there's significant issues there because like you said, I wasn't a fan of his overall contact balance. I wasn't a fan of his overall instincts as a runner. He's got a nice receiving profile, but if you're 510 to 192 without blazing speed, are you really gonna crack a third down rotation for a team? >> Yeah. Yeah. And he I mean, he's a great receiver, so I expect him to look great in those drills and that kind of thing. But yeah, I I do have some athletic question marks, mainly size, but also Yeah. I want to see him put up some good athletic testing, too, cuz I it wouldn't shock me altogether if he has like a 6.5 RA by all said and done because he's

undersized and because he doesn't have like exceptional athleticism. And somebody might be listening to this and go, "What about Bucky Irving?" It's like Bucky Irving's tape was way better than Emtt Johnson's. >> Yeah. Respectfully, EMTT Johnson can't hold a candle to Bucky Irving's instincts as a runner. >> Yeah. And for a And also, I heard Todd Bull say this on the Rich Eisen show. When they took Bucky Irving, they viewed him as like a third down back and then when he got to camp, he was just so much better than he was on his college tape. Like sometimes players surprise you a little bit, even if you're high on them, like Jason Light and the Bucks were. So, um, next kind of running back in the in the rotation here is Kron Allen from Penn State. Like we said, Nick, >> don't be a slug. >> Yeah, don't be slow. Nick Singleton will not test because he broke his foot at the senior bowl. Katron Allen has the exact same objective as Jonah Coleman.

Do not run in the four sixes. >> Yeah, pretty much like this is a guy that if he honestly people might be saying, "Oh, Katron, he only ran a 458. That's bad." Like that would be a solid time for him. Crack under four six and I'm happy. I think Coleman was a little bit faster than Kron, but at the same time, we're just meeting thresholds here. >> Yeah. Yeah. Because that's ultimately what the running back position is about most of the time. If you're big, you come in. He was 224 I think at the Senior Bowl Kron Island or 221 or something like that. You're that big, dude. Like you don't need to run 448. Like I don't care if you have 448 speed. I know you don't. I watched your film. Like you probably if he ran like 452, I would be ecstatic. >> Oh yeah. No, 452 would be a huge time to time for him. And yet some people might be like, h that's okay because they don't actually know what they're looking for because at the end of the day, the

whole purpose of the combine is to see what you saw on tape and see if the combine numbers actually match what you saw. And there's going to be some people that over exceed that and like you kind of alluded to all video then maybe we go back and watch them a little bit more if we missed anything. >> Yeah, for sure. So those are like the running backs that we expect to spend like second round or better rookie picks on. The next group of guys is so many question marks that we need to see some dudes stand out. My favorite of the group uh to stand out is Le'Veon Moss from Texas&M. Medicals are so important for this guy because he blew his knee out at the end of 2024. And I think if he didn't do that, not only would he have had a better 2024 season in terms of his production, he probably has an even better season this year. He needs to test well and prove that he's healthy. >> He could have been a top four running back in this class if the medicals check out. I really do believe like, yeah,

sure, Coleman, Price, Love, you consider that the top three, fair play. I would say out of the next group, even with Singleton, Katron, EMTT Johnson, the guy that's just getting slept on is Le'Veon Moss. Now, he's projected a 442. Now, I didn't see 442. Admittedly, that's also with the context that he came off of the injury. So, maybe that impacted his overall speed, but the medicals, the 40 time, the overall height, weight is going to be there. Just measure in like you're listed. And hopefully we don't hear any rumblings about, oh, he's got a, you know, an issue that we're concerned about injury-wise in the NFL. >> Yeah, I'd like to see him do everything, too. I want to see him jump and do agilityities as well because I think agility would be really crucial for him, especially coming off of the injury. if he posts like 78th percentile agility up or something that would be pretty good. Um especially given the injury. The other guys that we got to talk about

here, Jamari Taylor, kind of a sleeper Virginia Tech running back here. He's a little undersized at like 59205. Um but he is listed with 439 speed. So he could make himself some money and maybe sneak himself into like the fourth, fifth round conversation with a good performance. And his profile is not terrible. like it's like flex play caliber in the in the vicinity of like a Marshon Lloyd type of prospect give or take. Um so I think Jamari Taylor would be an interesting guy if he goes out there and puts up some good numbers. >> Jamari Taylor definitely an interesting profile. A guy that is uh you know really being talked up in the Devi circles as well. Really good receiving profile, overall production. If he tests well at 205 pounds, that's going to be a significant boost to his stock. A guy that was a very very high promising, you know, Devi asset just a few years ago off of his true freshman year. a lot of receiving production. Overall yardage was there this year for whatever reason

just didn't get any snaps at Oklahoma. Is Jaden not? >> Yeah, I think that he has some attitude concerns, some work ethic concerns cuz he also like was invited to the Senior Bowl and didn't go until like the very last second as well. So hopefully, you remember uh Troy Franklin when he was coming out of Oregon, it looked like he didn't prepare for the combine at all. I don't want to see Jay not look like that. I don't want to see him look like he never ran a 40 in his life prior to the 40 that he runs. I want to see him look like he prepared well, tests well, interviews well because of the attitude potential concerns. Again, I don't know this for sure. I'm just guessing because a lot of Oklahoma fans will tell you that he just took the NIL bag and didn't do anything. So, I am assuming he has attitude concerns. He's kind of like this class is Olly Gordon. >> Yeah. Which if you remember Ollie Gordon, I still remember when uh his head coach made made excuses for why he

had a DUI. >> Yeah, exactly. So Jay Knot with good testing, good interviews, like maybe this is a third or a fourth round pick, but with bad testing, bad interviews, he might go in the seventh round. So that's kind of where we're at with Jay Kn. Hopefully he can make himself some money this weekend. Arkansas running back Mike Washington is a big sleeper pick for a lot of people and a lot of it is because he could he could run really fast and he's big. >> Yeah. Uh he's listed 6'2, 223 pounds. He's probably going to run somewhere between the high four threes to low 44s, but if he goes out there and tests extremely well, again, keep in mind, he didn't really have a big receiving profile. Fumbled the ball uh at at Arkansas quite a bit. Um in terms of this year, I thought the instincts weren't really that developed. He needs to be a combine warrior. He needs to be the Isaac Greno of this class where it's like, oh my god, height adjust or weight

adjusted speed. He's like 220 plus pounds running in the 43s. We need him to test at that level because I do think the profile as it is is incomplete. Yeah, and I'll actually pair point number 26 here because Adam Randall from Clemson is very similar because he's 6'2, 230 plus pounds, converted wide receiver, also potentially with 43 speed. So you kind of made reference to Gendo. Think of Isaiah Pacheco a couple years ago, guys that weren't really on anybody's radar until they ran fast, until they tested well. Like you and I, I remember in the 2024 combine, we hadn't watched Isaac Garreno prior to the combine because he was nowhere near on our radar. We're like whatever, maybe we'll get to him eventually. But then he goes out there and he blows up like a 4-3 number. I think that the second um Adam Randall or Mike Washington do that, everybody's gonna be flooding to watch the tape on the dudes for sure. Um prospect model super sleeper running back Desmond Reed who is projected right

now not to get drafted and the reason for that is that he's listed at 162 lbs and 5'6. Is he Deuce Vaughn size or is he a little bigger than that? Like if he just just be 175 5'7. I don't need you to be uh you know huge. I know you're not big. I I've seen some highlights of the dude. His model stuff is really good and he can be Tariq Cohen legitimately. He's that good of a receiving prospect. So if he comes out, runs really fast. He's projected to run 437 as well. Desmond Reed, do not be Deuce Vaughn. That's or Puka Williams, right? Like he comes in like 157 or something like that. I'm gonna lose my mind. >> Yeah. Um even in the optimistic listings, I'm seeing 5 foot8 a buck 75. It's like >> that would be great for what it's worth if it comes out like that. >> Like I can do with that because like you said the receiving profile 20 plus receptions each year in college over 10 yards per per reception in each season as well as peaking in 2024 52 receptions

579 receiving yards and four receiving touchdowns. So it's clear as day. You know he's probably going to be a day three pick. If he weighs a little bit heavier, maybe isn't 5'6 like you said. Teams can view him as, you know, a third down satellite type of back. >> Yeah. And like a 91.4 PFF receiving grade as a receiver. He had 51 catches for 580 yards in 2024. So like this is a legit satellite. Like you said, he he can be that guy for an NFL team. Allah, you know, Woody Marks or whatever. If you're looking for the next Woody Marks, he could be Woody's a lot bigger than that, but um he could be a true receiving threat there. >> Um the other running backs that we can kind of talk about here is the two Indiana running backs. We know that the NFL kind of favors when you're like a big school guy, uh played in a lot of big games, like that kind of thing. Roman Hembi, who was previously at Maryland, transferred to Indiana, and then Kaylin Black. Um, if they test

well, I they could sneak into round three or four. Like, it wouldn't totally shock me because again, NFL teams, like, did anybody think Brian Robinson was going to go in the third round before the NFL draft? Like, not a lot of people thought that. It's when you play for a big team and you're in big time games, sometimes you get pushed up the board there. So, Roman Hei and Keelin Black could potentially go high because of that as well because they were good for Indiana. It was like the main engine of their offense. Yeah, with Roman Hemi, uh, let me just see in terms of receiving production that because that's going to be his calling card. Uh, 30 plus receptions in 2022 through 2024. This year, obviously, more of a split backfield playing with Kaylin Black. Still 17 receptions for 165 yards. So, teams can kind of view him as, you know, solid pass blocker. He's going to work his way on third down. He's going to probably be, you know, a two in a committee as a rusher between the

tackles, whereas Kayn Black is more so your, you know, your physical between the tackles plotter. >> Yep. For sure. And then the last one's the total wild card of the running back or the second to last one's the total wild card of the running back class. What the heck is Eli Hidenrich from Navy because he's listed 5'11 200 lb. He was kind of an Hback or an Ftight end almost in college, but he also played fullback. He also played running back. His numbers as a running back would be insanely good because of the receiving production. kind of like a a Teimu Antonio Gibson, if you think about it that way, cuz he's not as athletic as or as big as Antonio Gibson, but his numbers as a receiver are so good that if he plays running back in the in the NFL, he could end up being a pretty interesting prospect. I'm actually just curious like what is he is does he work out with the wide receivers? Does he work out with the running backs? Like I have no idea. Like m honestly just given the size profile,

given the receiving profile as well, like you would think, okay, maybe he's like a slot wide receiver that can give you some gadget work on some ender rounds, play in the back field, run some angle routes. Like I can see him kind of being used in that capacity, but you're right, like I don't think he out of all the players in this class, I don't think he has a defined position. >> No. And at the combine right now, it says that he's primarily classified as a running back. So well, he's too small to be a fullback. Like he's he can't be a fullback in the NFL. Well, that's that's my thought is like if he transitions to running back, he has an interesting receiving profile. And then the last kind of running back point that we have here is film bros seem to like Seth McGowan who's like 25 years old. Um he's projected to run a 455. Um if he's not super slow, could he be Ray Davis potentially who is older coming out? >> He lists 61 215 pounds. Uh although this

year wasn't the most efficient, only 4.4 yards per carry. Keep in mind Kentucky, you know, playing in the SEC very very hard schedule. Two years prior 5.4 and 6.4 for it's just yeah I mean the age the overall lack of high-end production is probably going to be the biggest red flag here but >> I think he had off the- field concerns as well at one point I think he had some trouble with the law or something like that. >> Yeah it's going to be fascinating because again he had a a relatively very efficient year uh his first year 2020 at Oklahoma didn't play until 2024 after that. Yeah, I think he had uh yeah, he assault, arrest, robbery. Yeah, he had some he had some off the- field concerns. So, that could be part I mean for him too, he's got to interview well and that kind of thing. Um if the film bros like him, maybe he gets drafted higher. Remember uh remember Cody Schrader? He was really old coming out of Missouri. I I could see something like that. He went undrafted, but there

was some >> Was he 25 coming out or am I >> Yeah, he was a grad student there. He wasn't even um um uh bachelor program or whatever. >> Damn. Team team seems to be drafting the Ladster. >> Yeah, literally. Um, okay. Let's run through the tight ends and quarterbacks. There's less takeaways here. Tight ends are actually going today as you guys are watching this. Um, Oregon tight end Kenyon Sadik is the number one tight end in the class. He's got to blow it up, man. Go show it. >> He He does. If he doesn't blow it up, people are going to be concerned because this is his thing. He needs to go out there and put up a 9 plus RA. If he doesn't, I'm going to be a little concerned. >> Yeah. Go run in the four fours because quite frankly, I saw that type of speed. >> Yeah. He's got to at least run like 455 or faster. He's got to jump really high. He's got to do good agilityities. If he d if he heralds Fannins or something

like that, I'm going to be concerned. >> Yeah, I don't disagree. Uh it's kind of considered right now it's Sadi at the top of the class, which I do believe, and then the rest of the tight ends, he has to show out above all those other guys because I also do think we'll talk about in a second, but the next batch of tight ends realistically, we should expect some good testing numbers from. >> Yeah, Vanderbilt, Eli Stoers, he's probably gonna run fast because he's undized. So, the first checkpoint for Eli Stoers is don't be 228 pounds for starters. 240 listed at 235 at 6'4 who was a converted quarterback. Of course, he went to New Mexico State with Diego Pavilla and then he transfers over to Vanderbilt. Um, how big is he and what are his traits like? I want to see him do pretty good agility drills too because that was one minor concern I had from him on film is like how good of a route runner can he really be if he's not an exceptional like

dynamic side to side athlete. So, Stoers has some money to make if he can test well. And I do think that NFL teams will either take him in the early second round or take him in the fourth round depending on what he does this weekend. >> Yeah, definitely going to be fascinating. It just takes one team to fall in love with them, but it's a lot less likely for them to fall in love if, like you said, he's weighing at 228 pounds. >> Yeah, that's you can't really be an inline tight end at that point. You're probably just a big slot wide receiver at that size. And then between Justin Jolly from NC State, Max Cla from Ohio State, Michael Trigg from Baylor, and Jack Andre from Texas. I would say that's kind of like the consensus next couple of names. Does anybody separate? Does anybody separate themselves from that range? Does someone come out and run really fast, jump really high, etc.? >> I'm going to say this before the testing. Uh I think people are severely

underrating just how athletic Max Clear is. I think he's going to go out there and absolutely crush the combine. >> Yeah. And he has an interesting profile because he was really productive at Purdue. Then he transfers to Ohio State. Not so much this year, but obviously we know Ohio State at Carl Tate and Jeremiah Smith and other guys to throw to >> cuz people are just going to give him like the boring. It's like, oh yeah, you know, he's a solid fundamental tight end, yak guy. He could be like a Dalton chillshake for I'm telling you right now, this guy's going to be a low four six guy. Is going to test extremely well. He's going to look good in the agilities. He people are kind of making him like the boring option. To me, it's very clearly that he's the number two tight end right now based on >> this is this is all you have to be as a tight end prospect. be at least six foot four, be at least 245, run under a 47, have a 8.5 plus RA score, and get

drafted on day two, and you're interesting. >> So, uh, when I was watching him, I thought he was somewhere between Ben Sinnid and Sam Leaporta, and hopefully for for his sake, um, it's, you know, the Sam wide. >> Yeah, the wide net. Well, yeah, because again, we could talk about Ben Sinn's usage at the next level. It hasn't been there, but there was a little bit of times, you know, he's playing a little bit of Hback, he's playing a little bit offline with Max there, but like you kind of mentioned with Stoers, it just takes the right team to get him in the spot, and I do think he can play in line a lot better than a guy like Stoers can, for example. >> Yeah, for sure. Um, who shows out after that? Like, do we have um the major model sleeper is Houston's Tanner Kial? Maybe he has a good weekend because if he tests well, he could actually be like tight end four, tight end five in this class in the model. So, he would be an interesting one who's currently

projected to go in round five, but his draft capital could see the biggest bump if he ends up testing really well. And then are do we have any pure traits guys that just come out there and like Zack Coun up and rip like a 10 R score? >> Um, I don't know about 10 ra, but I I do think Jolliy's got some juice to him. Uh, he was listed 63, 251 pounds. Believe he's going to run somewhere in the 45s. And I do think uh again it's not really going to be all on display at the combine, maybe in the drills, but this guy's hands are tremendous at the catch point. So I'm really curious if maybe we see the natural tracking ability if we kind of see him, you know, run drills with some of the quarterbacks, how natural he looks working deep because I think the yakability is there. I think the overall movement ability and space is there. It's just again go out there and show your traits like Jolly. >> I'll give you two two more names that could surprise both the Old Miss tight

ends. Dcoin Wright and Luke Hash or H I I don't pronounce his name. Both of those guys seem to be athletic based on their numbers in the prospect model, so they could make themselves some money. I my bet for this would have been Oscar Delt, but obviously he's not testing. >> Um >> into the quarterback position, obviously Mendoza is not doing anything, so we don't really worry about him. Um what does Tai Simpson look like? Is he of probably most other players in the entire NFL draft this weekend, he has the chance to make himself the most money. >> Yeah. No, you want to hear that he's interviewing well. you want to hear the consistent first round buzz that we've kind of been hearing so far. We're kind of seeing him mock, you know, in the 20s right now. Like, does he look good in the throwing drills? Um, is he's expected to run, correct? >> Yeah, he he's expected to do everything based on what I heard. Like, he's an athletic dude. He can definitely improve

his draft stock by running fast, jumping high, doing good in the drills, and throwing as well. He's going to throw. So, like that that's something. remember CJ Strad kind of like people had questions about his arm and that kind of thing and then he threw really well and then people got excited about him. I'm not saying he'll go second overall or anything, but could he lock himself in in the 16 to 25 range of the draft if he throws well? >> Well, yeah, exactly. The combine's going to be a big process for him because admittedly both of us were kind of lower in terms of his tape versus where kind of where the NFL's at. We kind of viewed him more so as, you know, a second round, third round type of quarterback as opposed to a first round guy. But I could also see an NFL team gets him, you know, going over some plays on the board. He's really showing and impress him from an overall uh intangible perspective. Teams can kind of convince themselves like, "Oh, this is the next

Brock Pury. We got to take him in the first." >> Yeah. I mean, the difference between him and Pertie obviously is that Pertie had so many starts under his belt, a lot of experience. Simpson was a high recruit, but didn't really get on the field. Couldn't beat out Jaylen Milro or of course Bryce Young early on in his college career. So, um, yeah, Simpson also too, medically, he needs to check the box there, too, because he did suffer an injury at the end of the season. And there's also reports that he like had some major illness at one point where he lost a bunch of weight. So size, don't be like 198 pounds or something like that. Like you got to come in with a little bit of a flack jacket on you. >> Yeah. Teams don't mind if you have a little bit of a pudgier build at quarterback because they they'll convince themselves that you can take more damage. >> Yeah. M. Jones looked like he was like a frat bro when he came into the to the line, >> bro. That picture of him with a cigar in

his mouth and just the the absolute tarp off is iconic. >> Yeah, for sure. Um, and then the final takeaway is just the rest of the QB class. Does anybody stand out? Drew Aller from Penn State is expected to throw. He did suffer an ankle injury that cut his season short. So, the fact that he's healthy for this process is good for him because if anybody knows anything about Drewer, the thing that he would shine in most is throwing against air because he has a great arm and he has the tools and whatnot. Carson Beck from Miami, of course, lots of experience. Let's see how he looks. Kade Clubnick had a terrible season for Clemson this year. Let's see what he looks like. Diego Pavilla, you already kind of made reference to. Maybe he's not interesting, but maybe he is. Garrett Nusmire, is he healthy? That's the number one thing for him. >> Via 5'9. >> He is. Yeah. Garrett Nusmire from LSU, I would say, is right now uh the favorite to be QB3 off the board for the NFL. So,

um coach's son has all the intangibles probably. Let's hear about Garrett Nusmeer. And again, health. We need to hear about him. >> Yeah, last year was a lot better. This year he dealt with a ton of injuries like he kind of said, the shoulder issue I know is one that was really highlighted by the NFL. um if he goes out there and he looks healthy and we hear a lot of good reports like you said uh I don't necessarily think the thesis of like oh if Tai Simpson works out is all that different like oh if Nusmire works out I think they kind of fit that same mold if both work out. >> Yeah. And then the total wild card is NDSU quarterback Cole Payton because he might test the like if he runs and jumps and does like he's might be the most athletic quarterback there. So that uh that will be one that is another guy to follow cuz like I'm trying to think of do we have like a third or a fourth round quarterback prospect over the last like 10 years that was just like super

athletic and got an opportunity to start. Like Sam How is pretty athletic when he came out. So I mean like maybe Cole Payton is in that ilk somewhere. Maybe he's Kellen Mond. Like it's possible that's the case too. But Cole Payton is semi interesting. Like when I was watching Bryce Lance's film I was like dude this QB could scoot, man. He is fast. >> Yeah, I know. It's going to be really interesting where the NFL is because uh you mentioned, you know, NUS being like the early favor for quarterback three. I can see Payton if he has a big combine, you know, teams put him on the I I keep saying like, oh, teams put these quarterbacks on the board, but like specifically for a guy from a small school, they want to make sure that you understand the NFL scheme. >> Yeah. Especially as a one-year starter, too, because he's going to need to showcase a little bit more than what his tape showcased as far as how much experience he has. But yeah, that's 35 takeaways for the NFL scouting combine.

Things that actually matter by player. What does every single player, your favorite player, your favorite sleeper need to do to prove themselves at the NFL combine? Some guys it's 40 times, some guys it's agility, some guys it's size, some guys it's interviewing. We'll see what happens, but that is what matters for the NFL scouting combine. Like the video if you enjoyed. Subscribe if you're new around here. And again, if you want to join our brand new listener league startup, we will be drawing names for that next Sunday. So March 8th is when we'll be drawing names for that. Our second edition of our rookie draft guide will be coming out after the combine. Once we have testing numbers, we'll update all of our metrics and grades and and uh put the combine videos into the prospect videos as well. So, make sure to stay tuned for that. Again, if you want to join our listener league, the best way to get in to ensure yourself a spot into the league, five bonus entries if you are a code FSE

annual [ __ ] So, that will be the best chance you have to get into the league. And ask, you know, Sir King Jared, some of the guys that are in leagues with us. They're in multiple leagues with us because they've been annual subscribers for a long time. But of course, if you guys, it's not in the budget for you right now, you can submit for free and have a chance to get into the league as well. So, check that out if you guys are interested and check out the draft guide while you're down there. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
