Round one of the NFL draft changed everything with our Dynasty rookie rankings. Um, we had a pretty chaotic day one. Let's start at the top with Jeremiah Love who coming into the day was expected to be the 101. Will of course remain the 101 in a tier of his own because he's that good of a prospect. Danny, how do you feel about this Arizona Cardinals landing spot? We're going to kind of go in our order of our new combined rookie rankings rather than the order that they were actually selected in. So, we will be jumping around draft capital-wise a little bit, but Arizona Cardinals third overall capital to Jeremiah Love. I think for me, he definitely loses some value from both a dynasty and a reddraft standpoint. >> Yeah, and this one was just kind of a head scratcher to me. Like, if you're the Arizona Cardinals, a young team, you need to be rebuilding from a premium position perspective. You have Aral Ree available on the board. you have, you know, for example, a mansur delay, guys

like that available on the board. Like you signed Tyler Algier this off season for relatively significant money. You spent a day two pick on Trey Benson who uh we could talk about just how dead his stocks are, but let's just say they are an absolutely in the dead horse. >> Oh man, that zombie corpse smell all all wreaking out of that. It is not a good situation if you're a Trey Benson bag holder, which myself included in some leagues. Yeah. And then uh maybe you're a James Connor guy. Like all that being said, like yeah, Jeremiah Love, he's going to be the starting running back here. I think he's got a threeown skill set. I think he's a special, you know, legendary level prospect who eventually will be a Delcow level running back. But we kind of saw the growing pains with Jir Gibbs. We saw the growing pains with a Bejon Robson. And funny enough, of course, with Bejon, he had the same pest in his backfield. Like, of course, cycllically, it had to happen. >> I know. I just feel bad for Alier,

[laughter] man. I just want I I hope he gets like traded or something because I just like I'm annoyed that he doesn't get the start for an NFL team. The only time he's been a starter, he rushed for a thousand yards as a rookie. Like >> I think I think it's >> Yeah. I think it's important to know though that Jeremiah Love is most likely not going to get a Saquon Barkley, Ezekiel Elliott, Naji Harris, Genty like workload as a rookie. Like as much as like Algier, Connor, and Benson are not as good as Jeremiah Love, they're good enough to the point that they're going to have roles. I think whether big, small, medium, whatever, I do think, like you said, kind of like what we saw from Gibbs his rookie season, what we saw from Bejon his rookie season where we had higher expectations maybe for the workload, especially in Bean's case, and they didn't really meet those expectations. So again, from Jeremiah Love's perspective and anybody who has

the 101's perspective, I think it's a little bit disappointing that he didn't go to Tennessee where >> for year one. >> Yeah. For year one, for long term, I mean, like we talk about the long-term Dynasty rankings. I think he probably moves behind Genty for me among dynasty running backs because because of the Mendoza edition, which we'll talk about in a second, Genty gets a little bit more of an upside case for his like goal line work and that kind of thing. Um, I personally would still take Love over like Amari and Hampton or Devon Achan. But if either of those two running backs, somebody said they wanted to take over Jeremiah Love. I don't think that would be an outrageous opinion. I just think he's still like 20.9 years old. He's going to be fine long term. It's just a short-term kind of concern that we have. >> Well, exactly right. The short term, if you look at Bejon, for example, 214 carries and 58 receptions in his rookie season, like he failed to to have 300

overall touches. like Jeremiah Love, you want to think, okay, he's going to land in 300 touches. He's going to, you know, command the volume with this new coaching staff. But at the same time, we kind of saw what it looked like with Bejon, a guy that you can argue is the biggest workhorse in the NFL. Now, he was in a full-fledged committee in his first year. So, overall, when I'm looking at Arizona, I actually really like the landing spot long term. Do view upside on the offensive line. They're obviously going to have to, you know, figure out what they want to do at quarterback. Uh, we'll see if they draft a guy on day two, if they just roll it with Jacobe Brassette. But either way you slice it, uh, longterm, I really do like M Mike Lafleur and Jeremiah loves fit in this run game. So, um, overall, you know, we could be talking about a top three to five perennial running back threat after this year, although he's probably more of a mid RB2 profile this year. >> Yeah, I think the old me and you would

would be saying he's still first round reddraft pick. We'd still take him top eight or whatever. Like, I just think >> round four, round three. Yeah, I think probably the two three turn or so is where he's going to go if I had to guess. Like people like myself, my home league just draft did our uh draft order. Like someone like myself who's picking first overall might have the decision on that two three turn if they want to pair a Jir Gibbs or a Bejian or some of those receivers with a guy like Jeremiah Love. >> Yeah. Um and it's probably going to be obviously upscale production. And I say RB, you know, mid RB2 type of finish. It'll probably be because he's like an RB3 in the first eight games and an RB1 in the second half of the season. Like that's usually how we see these uh these running backs tend to scale up. >> Yeah, for sure. Sneaky winner definitely has to be Cam Scataboo. The fact that Yeah. You know, the Giants absolutely would have taken Jeremiah Love had he

been on the board. I think the Titans would have taken Jeremiah Love had he been on the board as well. So I I thought there was a real shot that Cam Scataboo was going to get nuked. And not only did he not get nuked, they drafted an offensive tackle as well. So Francis Mau I know was the 10th pick in the draft. They also took Arville Reese. So good news all around for Cam Scaboo bag holders. I know um that was definitely a contentious topic for um people when I talked about him in the like you know sell these players before the draft. I did mention in that video like hey you know the old me would have said definitely sell Cam Scataboo but I looked kind of at the odds like what were the chances he was actually going to get to the Giants and I was like I don't know if he's going to get there. So, I would shop him if you could get a high pick for him and offload that risk, but generally um I I was kind of actually willing to hold if you were feeling lucky. So, um Carnell Tate is now our consensus kind of 102. Both of

us now have him at 102. You've obviously been here the whole time. I >> for me, >> yeah, I I definitely had Lemon ahead of him before the draft. Carell Tate goes fourth overall to the Tennessee Titans. Fourth overall capital, first of all, is huge for Carnell Tate. um definitely higher than he was expected to be drafted. The Titans have targets available. And not only that, I actually kind of like that they have like the perfect complimentary receivers to Tate as well where it's, oh, Wandell Robinson, he's a perfect number two receiver for a young quarterback like Cam Ward. Calvin Ridley, he's a good veteran to learn from if you're a guy like Carnell Tate. Elio Manor and Shamir DK can contribute as, you know, fill-in guys, third, fourth receivers, special teams, especially for DK. Um, Ward is a gunslinging quarterback and I think Tate stylistically fits well. What was the number one statistic we kept saying for Carnell Tate all off season? It was his contested catch.

>> 86% this past year, zero drops recorded. And when you have a gunslinger quarterback that's willing to, you know, pepper that third level, you have a 6'3, 195 lb long striding wide receiver. Like, man, I said when we went through the film review that if he lives up to his upside, we could be looking at a Devonte Yadams Jr. And I'm not throwing that comp lightly. Like obviously Devonte Adams peak-wise, arguably one of the best peaks we've seen in NFL history. Top 10 to 15 wide receiver peak we've maybe ever seen. Like that is a caliber of player that Devonte Adams was uh was. So it might sound hyperbolic when I say Devonte Adams for Carnell Tate's comp, but it's more so just I think this guy's an unbelievable player. I think he's a wide receiver one at the next level. I think we could be talking about a guy as a top three to five wide receiver dynasty as soon as next year. He comes into my rankings as my wide receiver nine. And to be honest, uh,

that's more kind of a respect level I have for the other guys. Like I think you can make the case this time next year if Carninal Tate has,00 yards and eight touchdowns, he's going to be a well above a guy like Justin Jefferson, a guy like Ammon St. Brown, a guy like Drake London. So um, going to have him after those guys because obviously they're proven. But the upside is tremendous for Carnell Tate. And if you are very much pro Cam Ward, a Tulsy quarterback who now gets a big upgraded offense coordinator with Brian Dable coming in. you get your number one wide receiver with Carnell Tate. Like this offense could be one of my favorite targets in all of BBM. >> Yeah. And um not afraid to feature a rookie receiver. Uh Brian Dball as well as we saw Malik Neighbors finished wide receiver six his rookie season in PPR points per game. Um definitely got to be a stock down for Well Robinson obviously because I think there was definitely a world in which he he snuck out of the

NFL draft with a minor addition like a third round receiver or something like that. So good news or bad news for Well Robinson, bad news for Calvin Ridley as well. We'll see on the Titans running backs. Definitely good news that they didn't take Jeremiah Love, but I I do expect them to add to the running back core at some point during the NFL draft. But good news for now on those guys. Um, moving back into this year, uh, Mai Lemon comes in as our 103. Uh, Lemon was not the next player off the board by any means. He was the 20th overall pick in the draft. The Eagles landing spot, I think you could cut it both ways. A, the Eagles landing spot is good because they're a good franchise. They're a winning team. they, you know, are always in the mix. They score a lot of points, etc. It's better than him going to the Jets, for example. But also, you can cut it the other way, which is like, okay, Jaylen Herz, not a lot of pass volume. AJ Brown, for the meantime, is still there. He's probably on his way out at

some point. And even if AJ Brown is gone, you still do have Devonte Smith, you still do have Dallas Goddard. >> Probably about an average outcome in my opinion. you mentioned, you know, the point in equity that this offense has is obviously there, but at the same time, like the same volume, you know, growing concerns we've had, AJ Brown complaining in the media every other week, the Eagles having games with 18 pass attempts, like there was the scenario that Mai Lemon landed in a spot that long-term projected into a 550 600 pass attempt offense, whereas with the Eagles, like there is the risk that this team throws the ball 450 times. So, um, I think it kind of cancels each other out. I'd say it's about an average landing spot. Um, in terms of stock up, obviously Jaylen Herz has to be a big- time winner here. Um, there was the possibility that they lost AJ Brown and then their wide receiver to was Dantavian Wixs. Their their potential number two option in the pass game

overall was Dallas Goddard in a one-year deal. Getting Mai Lemon like my confront was a Monor St. Brown, your confront was Jackson Smith and Jigba. And there is legitimate wide receiver one upside here. the very minimum he could be the wide receiver one beat Devont to Devonte Smith in this offense. >> Yeah. And again, we'll get through the wide receivers to target and avoid and all that kind of stuff. Mai Lemon's the number one receiver in the model still even despite going 20th overall and Carnell Tate and Jordan Tyson both being selected in the top eight overall picks. His best comparable players are Justin Jefferson, Jackson Smith and Jigba and Acha Ibuka. So, as far as like, oh, how are you not going to have Jordan Tyson over Lemon because he got eighth overall capital versus Lemon getting 20th over >> Tyson in the tier. >> Yeah. And that's fair. I I don't, which is why consens these are our consensus rankings. Like if I go just to your rankings, you will see um Lemon in the

same tier as Tyson there. But because we have them kind of averaged together here, um it does show up as uh Lemon. Oh, hold on. Why is this showing up this way now? Maybe I guess they were in the same tier and it just wasn't showing that way before. But either way, um, Lemon for me is uh is definitely ahead of of Tyson still because otherwise, why did I even scout the guy? Why, if I was just going to the draft capital, why did I even scout him? I still believe the same exact thing about Tyson, which is that he's a little bit more boomer boss. We'll get to him in a second. >> Yeah. Uh, so I I still have Lemon as wide receiver 2 ahead of Tyson. The difference is I dropped Lemon given that he went a little bit lower than I expected. Uh, 20. I thought maybe he can flirt with number eight, number nine, number 11, number 16, like a little bit higher in terms of draft capital. Uh, so the minor adjustment that I made is that I did make Mendoza my 103. And it's a it's Pro Mendoza, too. Like I really

love the situation there. I think with the Las Vegas Raiders, you have your franchise running back, potential growth opportunity on the offensive line, whether it's through capital, they sign, for example, uh, Tyler Linderbomb in free agency, massive addition up front. you have Brock Bowers, you potentially grab a wide receiver in the class. Like I am very much in on Fernando Mendoza, especially when it comes to him working with Brady Kubak to the point where I would favor him at 103. If you want to argue Mai Lemon there, I think that makes sense. But I do think for me, again, my tier is three through seven. We'll talk about some of the other names in this tier, but uh I think it's definitely widened after after night one. >> Yeah, I I like again these are these are going to be subject to change. They're fluid. We're still getting a lot more information. The other thing that could still happen is, you know, day two of the draft, things can change and, you know, teams can add more players and

whatnot. Like if the Eagles drafted another receiver or something, maybe things would change, so on and so forth. But for now, I'm going to rely on my evaluation because again, why did I even do it if I'm just going to rank Tyson ahead? Um, if >> I have Tyson behind, too. >> Yeah. So, again, same tier I definitely won't argue against. I think Tyson same tier is totally fair. If you want to add him to this tier because he got the top eight capital, that's totally fair. Um, Fernando Mendoza, we can kind of keep this brief because we all knew he was going to go to the Raiders anyways. Um, stock up for Brock Bowers, but again, everybody was factoring that into Brock Bowers. Genty, everybody was factoring that in. I'm very curious to see what they do at receiver, what they do on the offensive line around Fernando Mendoza because as of now, he might have the worst receiver core in the league. Um, tight end, obviously, he's got two great ones and running back, he's got a good

one as well. Um, but let's see them add, you know, a couple of pass catchers to this team because right now, Trey Tucker is their best receiver. So, Denzel Boston perhaps in round two. >> Yeah, I mean I I'm personally going to just be continuously pounding the drum that they get their they get their uh the number one receiver back from Indiana and Elijah Serat. So, >> yeah, that makes sense, too. >> But yeah, as far as where like he ranks among dynasty quarterbacks for us, he's kind of right in that mix between Jackson Dart, Bo Nicks, Jordan Love, you know, if you're a little lower on Perty or Lawrence where like I'm respectively quite high on Perty, you're respectively quite high on Lawrence. So, that's >> higher than you for sure. Yeah, like they're they're all, you know, relatively in that like I would say Lawrence and Pertie respectively for both of us are like two three kind of turn pick startup quarterbacks whereas like these other guys are like solid

third rounders maybe they slip into the fourth round. >> Yeah. No, I think that makes sense and I think Mendoza, you know, top end type of quarterback too. There's the upside where if he, you know, looks good, looks promising as a rookie, maybe has a back end of the season kind of similar to Tyler Shuck. Well, one, uh, for one, at that point, he'd have been a better prospect than Tyler Shuck, and it would have been a former first overall pick. So, if he had that type of rookie season, we could be talking about him as quarterback seven, quarterback eight on the market next year. >> Yeah, absolutely. He definitely has that kind of ceiling in his range of outcomes. Again, part of the reason why we don't have him like ahead of Tate or ahead of Lemon because some people are very much of the opinion, oh, quarterback superflex, you got to take him high or whatever. >> High in ceiling amongst their position for me. >> Yeah, exactly. Like Lemon and Tate, they

have the to be more needle movers at their position. Yeah. >> And even Tyson too, if he hits his ceiling, has a potential to be more of a needle mover. Mendoza, because he's not like a running quarterback, he's like he's probably limited more so to like I think Jordan Love and Bo Knicks are a good example of what it would look like if it's going well for for Fernando Mendoza as far as the production you'd be getting out of him. >> The high end somewhat similar to again like could he be in the right situation? And obviously it would have to be Las Vegas developing as an offense, getting another pass catcher, uh, you know, maybe developing into a top five level unit. If that were to happen, maybe we could get a Joe Burrow, Dak Prescott level, you know, top five >> Rams Jared Goff maybe as well. >> Matthew Stafford, what he did this year. Like you get the right insulation around this guy. I do think he has the tools to be, you know, one of the better pocket

passers in the league. 35. >> Definitely got to add some receivers. Definitely got to add some offensive line. Definitely got to develop the skill set. Um, Jordan Tyson and Jadarian Price. Now, these guys are going to be very interesting topics of conversation. Like I said, I think most people will have Jordan Tyson in the same tier as these other guys. Potentially ahead of Mai Lemon just because of the eighth overall capital versus the 20th, maybe ahead of Fernando Mendoza as well. I would see Jordan Tyson probably going as high as 103, I would imagine, in most people's rookie draft. Maybe if you're super high on him, 102. Um, we're personally, as we've talked about on many occasions, little bit lower on the prospect. we did see a little bit more warts than some people seem to see with the tape. Um, my comp for him was like Rashad Baitman. I thought that he had a wide range of outcomes because of the lack of physicality at the catch point because of uh the lack of yards after

catch ability and of course the durability concerns that's been long talked about. As far as the Saints landing spot, I think it's a really solid one. It's an ascending offense. Like you you have it listed here like it's an above average outcome. I think him going in the top 10 in general was good news. >> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, uh, with the Saints offense, obviously, you have the opportunity there. Al is the main target earner at this point, but you have at least the opportunity to be a top two target on this team. On top of that, I would say out of all wide receiver ones in the league. It wouldn't surprise me if Tyson lived up to his full full potential that he could usurp a lav. Now, at that point, it could be a 1A 1B situation. We could be talking about both guys fighting for 130 plus targets. And it really just depends on how high you are on Tyler Shuck because I for one, the way he finished the year, the ability to, you know, stretch the field, the ability to stay stand in the pocket,

keep his composure, like what I saw from him as a rookie is not the prospect that I saw with Tyler Shuck. And I do think now giving him all the opportunity to succeed with two potential high-end, you know, top 12, top 15 NFL wide receivers if Tyson develops correctly would be the right step in or a step in the right direction when you're the Saints. >> Yeah. I mean, I guess let me get your opinion on this cuz Jordan Tyson um being added to the Saints, Saints have Chris Ave playing on the fifthear option this year. He's had concussion issues. I talked about him before the draft in that sell these players video as >> I think Chris we might look back and that season that we just saw from him where he was a top 12 receiver, it might be the best season of his career. >> This past year might have very well been his peak. And to be honest, when we're looking at it, like of course if you were super high on Jawan Johnson because you thought he could be the number two

on this on this offense, like yeah, you probably took a bath at this NFL draft. Like I'm sorry you invested in Jawan Johnson that he's going to be the number two. They had Jordan Tyson. But um I think for a l at least for this year with Tyson being a rookie with him just having such a safe volume floor, I would still feel comfortable taking him, you know, round three in your PPR leagues. But at the same time, there still is the opportunity after Olive getting his that Jordan Tyson could very well step into 110 plus targets as a rookie. >> Yeah. Again, I it's going to be fascinating to see because I think it kind of goes one of two ways where it's like, okay, if Tyson hits, then maybe Ave is expendable and Tyson becomes the number one and maybe Ave hits free agency or they tag him and trade him or whatever because we know has been the subject of trade discussions for a couple of years now. or if Tyson's taking longer, do you extend a lav and then you have both of them? And I think

in both scenarios, it's like it truly is the Jordan Tyson experience to me where it's like he has this ceiling to be the number one on his team even with a guy like a lav there because he might make him you know expendable like I said or he has the floor to be like ah like he's going to stay the number two and they have to extend a lav and that kind of thing. And I'm also a little lower on Shuck, but even I can admit that this is good for him. Obviously, like it when you have another big-time receiver, top 10 draft capital added to the team, it's going to be a huge deal. Now, for me, now I don't think everybody's going to have this opinion. I'm just simply posing the question that where we have Jordan Tyson collectively as wide receiver 18, I have him at wide receiver 20. Um, some of the guys that are listed here, like I have T. Higgins ahead of him. You know, again, it would totally depend on your team build and whatnot, but like you could talk me into

like Luther Burton ahead of him, Lad Mcconi ahead of him, Roman Dunay ahead of him, those types of guys. I'm just simply posing the question that Jadarian Price, who went 32nd overall in the NFL draft, a firstround running back, >> absolutely awesome fit for Jadarian Price. >> Awesome, too. >> Why shouldn't we take him over Jordan Tyson? It's not because I don't think Tyson's a good player and and if you're lower on Lemon, why shouldn't you take him over Mai Lemon potentially as well? >> Yeah, I think that's a very fair question because I mean like I guess the best example that we have and this guy didn't obviously go in the first round. He went at, I believe, 40 overall in his draft. But when people were debating where Kenneth Walker should be going in his class, cuz we had that run of wide receivers, you know, with Garrett Wilson, with Trey Burks, um, with Drake London in that stretch, and there were people arguing, well, Kenneth Walker,

despite going at 40, should go above all those guys. So, the fact that you're saying it this year for a guy that actually went in the first round, I think has total merit. Now, I think it's a total coin flip. like if you need a running back, he's my RB10 that I currently have in my rankings. Where I have him amongst running backs, we're talking about uh amongst the likes of guys like, you know, right after James Cook, right after Kenneth Walker, right after Jonathan Taylor, right above Christian McCaffrey, right above Chase Brown, right above Bree. If you need a running back, I think that's well worth the 105 106 in this class. If you don't need a wide receiver, and again, I have Jordan Tyson as I believe my wide receiver, 17 if I'm not mistaken. Let me check. uh wide receiver 19 in my rankings. You could very well argue, hey, RB10 should overseeed wide receiver 19 in most scenarios. So, um that's actually something I'm going to have to ask myself because to be honest, I'm

looking at it right now like maybe the market, maybe the community is going to be underrating Jarian Price because I feel like the sentiment is kind of being more so like should he be 108 off the board? Should he be 109 off the board? Should we take Jarian Price versus Omar Cooper and Casey Conpsion? I think he'll be at at the very least he'll be going 106 or 107. Maybe people would prefer hope Tai Simpson ahead of him, but other than that, I think that he absolutely will be the next player off the board after the consensus top five. >> It's the defending Super Bowl champions that I mean they don't have Kubak anymore. We can point to the fact that oh well Kubiaak he split up the workload last year. Zack Charbanet and Kenneth Walker they ate into aid into each other. Well for one Charbanet is coming off the torn ACL. for the other ownership made this pick. The new offensive mind, Brian F uh Brian Flurry, sorry, he's coming from the San Francisco 49ers. We have seen them use

rotational committees, but when they do invest capital, it means that they found their bellcow. Like, this could very well be a possibility that Jarian Price is getting 300 touches on a Super Bowl favorite. Yeah. Like, he's going to be hard to gauge the value of. Like, here's the thing. He's officially a top 12 dynasty running back for getting first round draft capital. I do not care what you think of Jadarian Price the prospect >> locked in. >> He it he running backs who are RB2 upside prospects which is what he is can go to good situations with this kind of capital and their film which Price had very good film and the landing spot that they go to can kind of trump their um capital as a prospect or their profile as a prospect a lot more at running back than it can do at wide receiver for example. So, like the best example to me of this is Josh Jacobs when he was drafted in the first round cuz Jacobs was in a split backfield, had Naji Harris, had Damen Harris, goes in the

first round and he ends up being a multi-time RB1 and immediately was a very productive running back out of the gate for the Raiders there. So, and again, this is the Super Bowl winning Seahawks. Like, he went to a bad football team that had Mike Mayok as the GM. Like, >> it can't turn C into an elite player. Like, that's maybe some example that someone would point to. It's like, well, you know, if landing spots all that matters, like what about Clyde Edwards going to the Chiefs? Again, it's not an exact science here. Maybe you get a a CH situation here where people elevate the landing spot. Maybe you get a Sony Michelle situation here who went late first to the Patriots. A >> I don't even care. By the way, you reroll Sony Michelle majority of the time you hit. It's just unfortunate he had a degrading knee. >> Yeah. No, deteriorating. I think ultimately it's stock up for anybody who's picking 105 to 108 who needed a running back because you you didn't have

a shot in hell of getting one before. Um because Jeremiah Love was the only one worth a before this. And to me it's very clearly stock down on Zack Charban. I mentioned him as a sell a few days ago. There was no way you were you were going to be getting a good season out of him just coming off the ACL tear and also the fact that they were very heavily linked to Jar Jadarian Price as well. So again, he's going to be really really fascinating. Where does he end up? where most consensus mocks taking him. Does he get even higher than this? Like are people taking him 104? Like I I don't know. Like I think he could go anywhere between 104 on the really high end. 105 to 106 probably most likely is where he's going to end up. And then maybe he slides to 107, 108 or 109 in some people's leagues depending on what happens the rest of the draft and tight end premium formats and superflex and all that kind of stuff. So Price's gonna be very interesting. As of right now, my opinion could change on this. I would

actually take him over Jordan Tyson because I thought both players were riskier prospects, had some question marks, but at least with Price, he's already insulated as a top 12 dynasty running back on a Super Bowl champion winning team. >> Exactly. Um, yeah, like I'm honestly convincing myself of doing the same. Like I have Price and Tyson at five and six, respectively. And you could also make the argument of him over Mai Lemon for that matter. Like >> that's what I said. Like I we're lower on Tyson, but if you were lower on Lemon, you could probably get probably talk yourself into it because of the 20th overall capital. You probably can't do it with Tate because of how high he went, but um you could have people that do it over Lemon as well. >> That's why I have Tate in a tier of his own mostly because it's like I just can't argue anybody had any other position over him. And I also think he's very clearly after the landing spots in

the draft capital, the wide receiver won off the board uh in majority of drafts. So that's why I have it like that. Um, and I mentioned at the top that I did have it as a three to seven tier, but after discussion, I think I kind of convinced myself to have Sadique in his own tier. So, I moved number seven overall player into the C tier. I have three through six right now with Mendoza, Mai, Jordan Tyson, and Jiren Price consisting of my B tier. >> Yeah. And the challenging thing for me is like if I'm following my own prospect model, like the hit rate of a wide receiver, one upside prospect for a 15 point per game season, which is what Jordan Tyson is, is a 43% chance, right? So like just under a coin flip, you get a 15 plus point per game scoring wide receiver at some point in his career. >> Whereas an RB2 upside prospect, which is what Jadarian Price is, is a 31% chance. However, if you look at the RB2 upside prospects that got this high of draft capital, you are looking at a list of

Sony Michelle, Josh Jacobs, James Cook, guys that Ronald Jones, guys that had legitimate chances to >> lack the profile but had the film. >> Yeah. Like again, the film is all that really matters to the NFL team that is going to give him all the work. Um, but we just have to decide, hey, is the film good enough to supersede some of the profile stuff? And again, as we've been saying with Jadarian Price this entire off season, he had a pretty valid excuse. He had an Achilles tear. He had Jeremiah Love in his backfield. >> His teammate's literally alone in the S tier in these rankings. Like, >> yeah, [laughter] if he It's It's a little different than, you know, just not producing and having good film or whatever. So, um, let's talk about this next group of guys, which is the rest of the players that went in this area. >> I have Sadique in his own tier. >> Yeah. So, Sadique, uh, you can see the numbers are a little jumbled. It's because it's a combined ranking of our

both of our rankings together. So Danny has Sadiq in his own tier or like within the tier of these other guys especially in any kind of tight end premium I would assume. Um Kenyon Sadique I would say went to a pretty bad landing spot because not only did um >> shortterm I agree long term I don't agree. >> Yeah I mean like you said longterm outlook the Jets could get a quarterback next year they can hit on a quarterback on day two or day three of this year's class. >> It's a good offensive line. Garrett Wilson's a good player. They drafted Omar Cooper later who we'll talk about in a second. They have Bree Hall. If they get their quarterback, it could be a good offense. However, it's still the New York Jets and they do have Mason Taylor who they drafted in the second round last year. >> Michael Mayer. >> Yeah. Like again, [laughter] here's the here's the difference between the situations is Kenyon Sadique isn't anywhere close to the talent of Brock

Bowers in my opinion. So >> I I think he's nowhere close to the town of Mason Taylor. Like that's really what it comes down to. Those are the two tight ends competing for targets in this offense. And Kenyan Sadique is 10 times the player as a receiver than Mason Taylor is. >> Yeah. >> I I guess the tough thing for me though is when it comes to route participation, snap share early on in his career. I actually think that Mason Taylor, still very young prospect, still developing, is much more suited to be the inline tight end in this offense. So does that now relegate Kenyan Sadique to being in like an Isaiah likely type of role early on in his career? >> I think year one there could be some growing pains. Like I'm not going to, you know, dismiss that. But I think year two on, especially if they say draft a quarterback next year, maybe it's an Arch Manning that gets added to this offense. Like I'm looking at just how much of a mismatch that he is. I'm

looking at diff just how much of a differencemaker he is down the seam. And you get a quarterback that can really stretch the field, man. 439 at 245 pounds doesn't grow on trees. Like I think at very minimum, even if you're lower on the landing spot, he's probably the tight end seven on your rankings. So if that's the case, >> he is a tight end seven in my rankings. I don't think he can be any like that's why I think he almost has to be in a tier of his own cuz it's like even though we like the Simpson landing spot, we still have him around quarterback 1920 off the board. Even though we like Conpion and Omar Cooper, they're still more so in the mid20s of wide receivers. Whereas I'm getting legitimately a middle number one player at the tight end position with Kenyan Sadi. Like if you don't have a love, Linda Bowers, a McBride or um when it comes to like Tyler War and Harold Fannon or Tucker Craft is probably the last guy to put in this area like Sadiq is going to have

even that much more value especially in a premium. >> Yeah. Yeah. Again, it's hard to debate you saying like, yeah, you you probably got to take this guy over like Kyle Pittz and Sam Leaport and the rest of the tight ends after that. That's probably correct. I just my question here is like >> similar talent at a more scarce position is kind of how I view it. >> Yeah. I just I had Casey Conpsion and Omar Cooper with basically the same grades. Um Cooper I actually think like >> he goes to the same team, right? So it's obviously like not a good landing spot for him either, relatively speaking, but it is like role-wise a good fit for him and that kind of thing. So it's challenging, man. I I personally would prefer Casey Conpsion and Tai Simpson both to Kenyan Sadi, but Simpson versus Sadi, I would probably go back and forth on. I I don't know if I could look myself in the mirror. the prospect grade that I have on Tai Simpson versus Kenyan Sadi. So,

>> it's probably like 20 po points apart. >> Yeah. Like again as you said if you go to the tight end position you go to kind of like our FSC combined rankings you have Kenyan Sadique right in that range with Warren and Fannon and you know Tuck and again Pitts Gadson Sam Leapora those guys are going to be a little bit further down the board but um I think you've convinced me to probably put him over >> over over Simpson just because as much we'll talk about him in a second but as much as I like the landing spot I don't love the quarterback prospect. Let's talk about Casey Conpsion first. Um Casey Conpion, yeah, pros for the landing spot is, hey, there's a lot of targets available here. Todd Monkin uses a Flowers as a shorter Yak target in a high volume roll with Baltimore on route to a pretty nice season last year. The cons though is that everything else is not exciting about Cleveland. They're the Cleveland Browns. The QB play is undecided at best, if not just outright

terrible for year one. They still have some players that can contribute. Like it's not yes there's targets available but it's not like they have nobodyies. Like Fannon's a good player. Judy's commanded multiple top 24 seasons in his career. Um and Cedric Tilman's a decent player as well. So it's not like it's like completely barren like if you went to the Dolphins or something like that. I think stock up generally on these quarterbacks. Like I know that nobody wants Deshawn Watson or Shadur Sanders for Dynasty, but sneakily like if these tackles and like offensive line additions that they made plus the receiver edition of Casey Conpiono. >> Yeah. Like they have a good defense like I don't know maybe they're like a seven- win team or something like and it's a half decent situation. Whoever starts for this team, they took a left tackle at nine and they drafted a receiver at 24. That's a stock up on any starting quarterback. I don't care where you're

from. >> Yeah. Especially the one that eventually takes over next year. Um, >> yeah. Whether Yeah, like you said, they could both flame out. Watson, Shadur, G, Gabriel, they could all suck this year and they take a quarterback in next year's class. Or maybe one of them's half decent. I don't know which one at all. Maybe Watson recaptures his old form. Maybe Shadur is actually decent. I don't know. >> I'm surprised you haven't pushed out the Drewer prop yet. >> Drew, I don't think they need to add any more quarterbacks like that this year because they have guys like that. I think all needs to go to a situation where they don't have another quarterback on the roster. Semi- troll. Semi- troll. He'll be a buck. >> Stock down to me a little bit on Harold Fannon. Um >> yeah, has to be. >> When you if you're comparing Fannon directly to Tyler Warren, for example, what did Tyler Warren have happen this off season? Michael Pitman was traded.

>> Josh got resigned for 30 million a year. >> Pierce just got ankle surgery as well. Like I think >> Yeah, Warren's in a better situation to me than Fannon is where they added a good receiver prospect. Yeah, I it's debatable. I thought Fannon's rookie year was more impressive um especially down the stretch, but um >> they also had nobody at the same time though, like there was nothing there to compete for targets with. >> I think they all have pros and cons of their cases, which is why I genuinely do believe the tier 2 at tight end is going to be some combination of Fannon, Warren, Sadique, and Tucker Craft because Tucker Craft, I think, is in the best offense and had the best production, but he's also coming off that significant ACL tear. So, I kind of view that as a tier two at tight end. And if I don't get one of those seven, I would kind of just say, you know, wait. I mean, who knows? We'll see what ends up happening at this NFL draft. Like,

what if Denver goes and trades up for Eli Stoers? Where is he going to be in the tight end rankings? What if the Eagles trade up for Mlair or something like that? Like, there's a lot of tight ends that can even figure into that range, which is kind of why I like getting the security of one of those top options just because like after that, it's so hard to predict. >> Yeah. And I think when you look at where we have Casey Conpsion and you know Omar Cooper we'll talk about in a second they're like amongst the likes of like your riskier younger receivers like your Marvin Harrisons and your Jameson Williams and whatnot and then like some of the veteran guys like Wadd and AJ Brown Devonte Smith and stuff but you got to probably have them with the first round capital ahead of like Hunter and Addison. Like you'd probably reroll on those type of guys because ultimately even after like day two of the draft and whatnot I think we're going to feel pretty confident saying like Casey and

Omar Cooper are probably first round rookie picks. So, um, yeah, that's probably we're going to be with with those guys. Ty Simpson, we have to have a conversation because he was the big big big surprise pick of the first round. >> So, I want to go >> What are the Rams doing? >> Yeah, I want to go on a rant here for a second. Um, Tai Simpson objectively from his perspective couldn't have picked a better landing spot. It's the Rams. They have Matthew Stafford and Shawn McVey. Obviously, it's good news for him if you had him like Debbie or something. 13th overall capital is huge. People will draw comparisons to Jordan Love sitting behind future Hall of Famer, you know, Aaron Rogers going top 15 is better obviously than going late first like Jordan Love did. And it could mean Simpson's time comes by year two instead of year three or year four or whatever it was for Jordan Love. I kind of do want everyone to remember though before we get carried away here that Simpson is

the second worst quarterback prospect ever to be selected in the first round since 2016. People who are good coaches and good staffs and whatnot do miss on quarterbacks still. Tre Lance was a miss for the 49ers and Kyle Shanahan. Kevin Oonnell has probably missed on JJ McCarthy. John Elway was a good drafter at one point and a quarterback guru. He missed on Paxton Lynch. Like >> yeah thankfully by the way because snipe the Cowboys on them. >> The list of quarterbacks to go round one with fewer than 20 college starts is horrendous. Other than Kyler Murray, it's Trey Lance, M. Jones, Dwayne Haskins, Mitch Trabiscyc, Anthony Richardson, and now Tai Simpson. Stock down on Matthew Stafford to me though because the writing is probably on the wall that he's going to retire after this year. So, if you were holding Stafford as a dynasty asset thinking you were going to get three more years out of the guy, you probably are only going to get one more good year out of him and maybe even an extra year if you're

lucky. So, again, I don't want to get carried away with Ty Simpson. Yes, he's a quarterback. Yes, this is a Superflex rankings video, but I also don't want to like put him at 105 or whatever at 106 because, >> oh, it's the Rams. They can do no wrong. It's like, well, that's how you draft JJ McCarthy over Brock Powers like some people did in 2024. >> Well, yeah, that would be an exact comp. I'm sure in some leagues Simpson's going to go above Sadi. And again, I don't think Sadiq is quite the prospect that Bower Bowers was, but at the same time, Sadi was a very, very good tight end prospect. Simpson is an inferior quarterback prospect. Simpson does have playing time concerns at least immediately. Like another comp would be for example if you took Michael Penn over some of those guys like it was a very similar situation except >> I I think Pennix getting immediate opportunity over Cousins was a lot more plausible at the time anytime soon

assuming he's healthy. >> Yeah. Yeah. Again, you and I had to learn this lesson the hard way by elevating Trey Lance back in 2021, who was an inferior prospect who we took over Jamar Chase and we took over Kyle Pittz and we took over guys that were just better overall prospects than >> Yeah, that's just that's how you learn that mistake. And Tai Simpson, he belongs to go in the late first round of rookie drafts. 108 is where we have him kind of collectively right now. Um 109 maybe I think I got to move Sadi ahead of him after the conversation we had. So again, I'm cool taking him in that area of the board, but I'm not going to get carried away and be like, "Oh yeah, stamp it, lock it. He's 106. He's 105." Because first round capital, Los Angeles Rams, there's no way this could go wrong. It's like we we know it could go wrong. It's definitely possible. And like I said, Tai Simpson was not even close in our prospect model to being a

first-round caliber quarterback. Like he just he doesn't have any real reason why he went in the first round other than his his film. Like people liked his film. That's fine. It's just when you fall in love with film of a ver a one-year starter who in that one year couldn't even stay healthy the whole year. Like that's there's so many red flags from his size to his durability to his amount of starts to like everything involved here. The fact that as a dynasty player, you're probably not getting a ton of production as a rookie. Like he'll hold value because of the the McVey insulation if he doesn't play much as a rookie. But I just don't want to be on the end of things if things go wrong here. It could go well, but I'm I'm not holding my breath. Well, it was more predictable than when Pennix did go to the Falcons. Uh, obviously that shocked everybody because there was not even tea leaves leading up to it. Like, we got some mock drafts with Simpson going to

the Rams, even though myself and you uh kind of made fun of that idea for the longest time cuz it's like, well, it's a Super Bowl window. And then we kind of laughed about it. We're like, haha, well, why would they take Simpson at 13? See, they just traded 29 for a ready-made allpro corner with Trent McDuffy and signed him assigned him to long-term money. Like those tea leaves would point to the fact that this is a contending team that would make a pick to try and contend. You just it has to be because Stafford's in his last year. There's no other reason to make this pick. >> Yeah. No, exactly. So again, Simpson, as far as dynasty quarterbacks are concerned, we have him kind of same tier as top >> Kyler Darnold, Bryce Young, Strad, guys with question marks, right? That's where he belongs. He doesn't belong like people some people probably have him in this tier with like Goff and Mayfield and Jordan Love and Cam Ward. I just I can't get there. I can't get there with

with Tai Simpson. I like the landing spot. Definitely bullish news for him if you were a Tai Simpson truther, but I do want to not get carried away. I want to stay grounded to some degree here. So, last player of the first round. We'll quickly go through this. Similar to Kenyan Sadique, not a good situation for Omar Cooper, but again, as you made reference to, maybe it's a long-term W more so than a short-term one. Yeah, maybe they do get their starting quarterback. Then at that point, you close your eyes and you think of the offensive situation. Very strong offensive line built by two franchise potential tackles with Fanu and Mamboo these last couple of years. Very, very good start. You have your franchise running back. Whether you resign Bree Hall to a long-term extension, whether he's on the franchise tag this year, you at least have a running back that can legitimately be a needle mover in this offense. You do have Garrett Wilson as the presumptive number one. You have

Sadi filling that seam as the tight end. You have Omar Cooper filling the role as the quarter or as the wide receiver too on this team. It's like I'm going to be honest like you almost need that elite quarterback play to make it make sense for everybody because obviously from a numbers perspective. It's hard to get every single every single person in this offense their targets. Like somebody will disappoint. Who's it going to be? Is it going to be Garrett Wilson maybe not taking that elite step that people think he might have? Is it going to be that Sadique instead of being a 810 touchdown type of tight end is more so a 650 and eight touchdown tight end? Is it going to be because Omar Cooper Jr. instead of potentially being an 1100yard wide receiver is a 950 yard wide receiver? Like I'm very curious to see how it shakes out, but ultimately I do think the Jets are in a position where their offense will be an advantage. whether they can get an Arch Manning, whether they can get I was gonna say Dante

Moore, but based on how it kind of worked out this year, probably not going to be an option for them. Maybe it's a Julian Seyan after he has another big year. Like, who's to say what the top of the quarterback position is going to look like in the 2027 draft. All I'm going to say though is that the Jets have the capital to get the guy that they want. >> Not to mention, I think that the perception of the Jets could change over the next calendar year if some of these picks pay off if they're not picking at one overall because >> they got the ecosystem. >> Yeah. Like what if Gino plays and they win seven games and you know they're still in the quarterback market potentially because Gino's older and maybe whoever they take if they take one round two, round three, round four this year, maybe they haven't shown enough or something. They have the pick capital to go up and get a quarterback. But at that point it's like maybe they don't feel as

bad about playing for the Jets because they actually showed something in Aaron Glenn's second year. So again, like I said, I'm worried about the math here. So I suspect that Cooper will not remain this high in my rankings. Like depending on what happens on day two, we get good capital to Jonah Coleman. I would take him over or Mark Cooper. We get, you know, a good landing spot for some of the other receivers in this territory, Serat, Boston, those types of guys. Maybe I would move Cooper behind some of them as well. He'll probably be right around the fringe one-two turn in my rankings when when all is said and done. But again, it's first round capital. Like he was a good prospect. He had good film and he goes in the first round, which is ultimately good for you. >> Yeah, exactly. And again, [snorts] I I'm just a little bit worried about the landing spot. I I think Cooper is a little bit more of a project and I wish he would have went to a better offense and better scheme and better coaching,

frankly, because I don't really trust Frank Reich and the Jets, >> especially with all the teams in that area that like could use like a ceiling raise. >> Well, they all traded out of the first round. The Bills, the 49ers, all of them like didn't even pick in the first round. >> Yeah. >> Not ideal use them like Yeah. >> Not ideal. But what is ideal is just kind of how the first round shaked up. Like if you guys owned a ton of 2026 capital, like this is a huge win in your regard. >> Definitely 106 to 109 managers. I would say definitely got a a boost out of this this capital. >> Well, Price going into the draft, we're like, oh, maybe he's a fringe top 20 to 25 dynasty running back. All of a sudden, boom, that's a top 12 dynasty running back. Ty Simpson, we said, hey, if he goes at the top in the second round to the Cardinals, you're probably looking >> 29 in fantasy or whatever. Yeah. like like right after like the Daniel Joneses

of the world and then boom, he goes in the first round. Not only does he go in the first round, he goes to the best landing spot at 13 overall. Like >> big time winners. Cardinal Tate goes earlier than maybe some people expected him more at the seven eight n area. >> Call me crazy. I said for the longest time I'm like the Titans are one of my favorite landing spots for this guy. >> Yeah. Yeah. Like we said stylistically fits with the quarterback and all that stuff. But yeah, that is our first round initial reactions. winners, losers, stock up, stock down, all that good stuff. Um, stick around for next uh stream uh tomorrow night, 700 p.m. Eastern. We'll be live for day two of the draft, round two, round three. I'm sure we'll have tons more fantasy stuff to talk about. But if um you guys enjoy the video, leave a like, subscribe. Our draft guide, prospect models, all that stuff will be very quickly updated shortly after the NFL draft. So, make sure you're tuned in over on

flockfantasy.com and our draft guide will see an update there as well. An annual get a free team review. good to have this time of year if you guys are, you know, deciding rookie picks and all that kind of stuff. Check that out. That'll be linked down below in the pin comment. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
