The 2026 NFL draft gets a lot of crap for not being very good. But today, we're going to break down our top 10 or so rookie tight end rankings, which I would argue is the most underrated position group in the entire 2026 NFL draft. A lot of, you know, talk about the running back class stinking, the quarterback class stinking. Danny, let's get through the uh the tight ends here. And in both of our cases, we do have one guy head and shoulders above the rest of the position here. uh Kenyan Sadiq tight end from the University of Oregon who when you break down the film and when you look through everything has this compact move tight end type of build, strong contested catch ability, hands at the catch point, a lot of really flashy plays that he makes. Very fluid mover in space. Yards after catch ability is there downfield traits are there as well. But I guess the detractor from Kenyan Sadi would be okay, he has good but not great numbers. The drops were a little bit of an issue. Uh, point of

attack-wise as a blocker, I thought he was a little slow getting out of his stance. He needs to add a little bit of strength. And then there's just some general polish, general rawness to his game. You had a Delaney Walker comp on him. I had a David and Jooku comp on him. The model likes like a Noah fan. David and Jooku kind of Sam Laaporta range of outcomes as far as uh the floor median and ceiling there. >> Yeah, I was definitely higher on his inline abilities than you were. I I thought that, you know, the compete level at the point of attack, the ability to extend on those blocks on the line of scrimmage, again, it's never going to be his primary use, but can he be a 25 to 35% inline guy? The majority of his value is going to come from the slot. You get a 10.0 RA player that can impact the scene that the way he does, that can impact the yards after catch game the way he does. He's a special player. And again, I have an 86.0 on him. You have an 85.0. very comparable

to the two tight ends we had last year. Coulson Lovelin amongst the three would have been my one, but I actually did have a similar grade to Sadique that I had on Warren. >> Yeah. And I think the intriguing part about Sadique, of course, is the 43940 time that he ran, the 127.4 weight adjusted speed score that he posted, the 100th percentile burst score that he posted as well because of the jumps that he ended up putting up. What he jumped like 42 and a half inches or something in the vert. Um, Sadique is is your prototypical athletic specimen, the guy that everybody got has to get excited about if they're um a fantasy player from the tight end position. One thing I want to say about this position group in general is a lot of people get nervous about prospects who aren't good blockers because of Daltton Concade. Daltton Concade's a good example of someone who's not a full-time player because he's not a good enough blocker. He's not durable enough to stay on the field or

whatever. But you guys got to remember that for every Daltton Concaid, we do see a Herald fan and we do see an Aronda Gadson. Guys that are, you know, contributing receivers who are just passing as far as like a pass fail. Are they good enough blocker to stay on the field ultimately as fantasy players, we shouldn't care that much about blocking. We do want receiving traits. We do want players who can become the number one, number two, maybe high-end, number three target on their respective offenses. >> Yeah. And I think he's more than passing as a blocker personally. Like again, I I think he can line up hand in the dirt. I think he can, you know, seal off edges when he needs to. We're going to have some issues in that regard with a couple of the players in this class. >> The next one we talk about is definitely going to be one of them. >> Exactly. But I will say Sadi at the very minimum meets that passing level. >> Yeah, for sure. So, anything else on

Kenyon Sadique? I mean, I think he's pretty straightforward. Again, you can look into his numbers. You can look into the fact that, you know, in his best season, his yards per run wasn't super high. I think one thing to contextualize a little bit with Kenyan Sadique is that at the University of Oregon, there's a ton of other talented pass catchers there, including Jamari Johnson, who will be a top pick at tight end next year, potentially the best tight end in next year's class, and also Terrence Ferguson, who was a second round pick of the Los Angeles Rams in 2025's draft. So, at his own position group, he's competing for targets. He's competing for reps. So, the fact that he's going to come out here and be the athletic specimen that he was and also be productive still. It's not like he has terrible numbers. It's just not to the level of the next tight end that we're going to talk about numbers wise. >> Yeah, the volume wasn't at that level of

the next tight end that we're talking about, but at the same time, 94 targets in the last two seasons. You got uh what would that be? 867 receiving yards in that stretch as well. So, 867 receiving yards on 94 receiving touchdown or targets. He got 76 of those 94 targets as well. This is just a very efficient option. Obviously, we can make the case that in an ideal world, he would have been more productive at Oregon, but at the same time, eight touchdowns, 560 yards this year, and I do think he's got the upside to be a number two, potentially even a 1B funnel of an NFL offense. >> Yeah. So, this um R number is not up to date yet. We're going to make a big update to the site prospect model once the draft actually happens. But um his FSE grade does put him as the only tight end in this class that is a uh top five upside prospect here. And the top five upside prospect here equals an 83% chance of a top six season. So we're talking about a pretty high hit rate when you're in this territory. Again,

similar to the likes of Sam Laaporta, Hunter Henry, Dolan Concincaid, Harold Fannon, Tyler Warren, like these are the players that ranked this way as prospects. and Sadiq in a similar vein um with projected mid first round capital should be in that same territory. Let's get into the A tier where you and I have a little bit of disagreement. Um I have Eli Stoers and Justin Jolie in this year. You also have Max Cla in this tier. You also have Max Clair ahead of Eli Stoers. I think the consensus would say that it's probably Stowers tight end too. So we can maybe talk about him first just because most people would view him probably as the second best tight end in this class. And again, kind of what I said with Sadi, the biggest question a lot of people have about Eli Stoers is, okay, we love the route running, we love the route tree. I think of all the tight ends in this class, he is the most diverse route tree of any of them. Versatility is there as a receiver. The athleticism obviously there. He ran in the low

fours, jumped absolutely insane. 45 inch vertical or whatever it was. He's a yards after catch threat. has a great production profile, especially when you contextualize the fact that he played quarterback for the first two years of his college career. Once he switched to the tight end position at New Mexico State and then Vanderbilt, he ended up becoming just an absolute stud. The biggest weaknesses that both of us, I guess, saw for him and why we do preverse Sadiq and the upside that he possesses, he wasn't very good in contested situations. He definitely is more unreliable as an inline blocking option than what Kenyan Sadi represents. Even though I did have some more concerns for Sadiq, I can definitely recognize that Stores is even less far along in that regard and he needs to add some strength there. So, we have like Isaiah likely, Aronda Gadson, the prospect model, Harrison, Bryant, Gerald Everett, Aronda Gadson kind of as the comps there. >> Yeah. And again, I like I like Eli

Stoers. Uh you're clearly, you know, higher than on him than I am. >> Yeah. I'm much higher based on the grade. Like I have him as a top 50 player and a player that I'd be comfortable in a rookie draft taking kind of near the end of the first round, early second of a of a tight end premium league. Yeah, I guess my biggest question marks are the fact that you he might just be better off making their transition to wide receiver because I don't think you get any inline ability here. >> I don't agree. I don't agree. I get why people are saying that blocking capability here. >> That's fine. That's fine. If you don't see that, that's totally fair. I just think that he can develop a little bit more to the point that he's passable. I'm He is never going to be a dominant inline blocker ever cuz he's too long. He's too lean. He does. >> I think he's got a ways to go before he's even passable is my point. >> He does. He does have a ways to go

before he's even passable. I think that a guy like Isaiah likely is a good comparison for maybe his career trajectory where maybe he starts off um but he's a better athlete than Likely. He was more productive than Likely in college. So, he's a better version of Likely coming out where maybe by year two, year three, he becomes a successful enough inline blocker that he could play that role. I definitely do see an outcome where he is like a Harold Fann in his rookie season where we all expected Fannon maybe to not be as productive right away where Fannon at least was passable in line and was able to be schemed up enough as an F tight end. >> There's just a big difference in terms of the catch point I would say and although I think Snowers obviously is a very good Yak threat like the metrics for Fannon in that regard last year were insane. So it's like he needs to be Harold Fannon in my opinion to have that type of productive rookie season which obviously he's got the receiving skill

set I think to be able to translate to that level but at the same time too the compete level like I said at the catch point Fannon's best trait was arguably his hands last year and the fact that with Eli Stoers you got four drops this year you only catch seven of your 17 contested targets which wasn't even better the year before you caught five of 15. Like I guess that's my concern if he's not able to create the easy separation which again he's going to be a separator. That's not my concern, but more so like the easy separation you created in college, that's not really going to be available at the NFL when you have to get into those contested situations, even if we're only talking about his receiving capabilities. How does he handle that? >> Yeah, it's it's challenging, man, because again, all you need is for him to be passable as an inline blocker or go to a team that doesn't care if he's a good inline blocker and uses him in a big slot type of role. Because here's

the reality of the situation. Everyone probably assumes that to play tight end in the NFL, you need to be an inline tight end. But there are plenty of teams, including the best tight end in football, Trey McBride, who is basically just a slot receiver. He barely plays in line, >> which is why I say passible as opposed to strength. Like we'll talk about like a Sam Roo in this class where it's like he's going to play wide tight end. He's going to line up on the line of scrimmage. He's going to get in somebody's face mask. Like you know what you're drafting there. Like Star Wars is never going to do that. But at the very minimum, can you line up there 25 to 30% of the time? If you can't, you're more so going to be relegated to, you know, Isaiah likely we pointed out for example where it's like, oh [ __ ] is he more talented as a receiver than Mark Andrews? Probably. Why isn't he getting the snaps? Because Mark Andrews can line up with his hand in the dirt. That's

>> Yeah. And Gad Gadson and uh and Concaid are also good examples of kind of what it looks like when it goes wrong. But the reality of the situation here with Eli Stoers is a 45140 matters for the tight end position. 114.9 weight adjusted speed score in the 95th percentile. a catch radius, which is one of the most underrated metrics for the tight end position. It factors in his hand size, his length, his his height, his weight, and his vert and his 40 time. Because if you think about what factors into your catch radius, your ability to track a football, get the like have the speed and to go up and get it and that kind of thing. That's a very predictive metric that is underrated and he is a 99th percentile catch radius that rivals the likes of like George KD and Trey McBride. >> Yeah. Moving off of Stoers, we'll go to my tight end two again. Stoers is my three, your two. Max Clair is my tight end, too. If you look at the raw metrics from his year at Ohio State, 1.48 yards

per run down from his previous year. Overall production down from his previous year. But when you contextualize, you got Julio Jones, the next Julio Jones with Jeremiah Smith on the outside. You got a top two wide receiver for each of us with Carnell Tate as well. It was tough for him to really have that big produ productive year, but he did have that year at Purdue. 2.22 yards per run, 684 receiving yards, four receiving touchdowns. And I also think he's a better athlete than you do. I think the upside here is we could be talking about this year's Sam Laaporta in this class with Max Claire. >> So the reason I don't think that's true is because he didn't do any testing. If he was a great athlete, he would have tested. >> Again, we we'll see. You can definitely make that point, but at the same time, the way he plays on the field, like he looks like a much better athlete than one that isn't testing because he's a bad athlete. >> Yeah. Like NFL draft plus had him

projected for a 470. I my comp for him is Pat Frier, who I think is a underratedly good tight end. Um I don't think he's as, you know, kind of clunky or, you know, lame as like Dalton Schultz. I think he's a little better than that, but I I think it's maybe a little disrespectful to Sam Leapora to say he's that good of an athlete. >> See, but that's the thing. I that's more of a I'm impressed by how good of an athlete Clare was compared to what some people might say about him. >> Yeah. Again, I think if he was a Sam Laaportol like athlete, he would have he would have actually done the testing. But the strengths are the strengths. I mean, he's a sound blocker. He's got soft hands. He was really productive at Purdue. Like you said, he's smart. He's tough. He's got a prototypical Y kind of build to him. The, like I said, I thought the weakness was like a little bit of a top end juice twitchiness and versatility beyond being an inline guy.

And I do think he has a limited ceiling. And he also was almost never ever used downfield as well. Like that's another thing that I factor in with him like his yards per reception number and the fact that he wasn't really really be anything beyond a short and intermediate target especially at Purdue where like the majority of his production came around the line of scrimmage. >> Yeah. But at the same time he was good on contested catches. He had a 94.7 uh grade on his five targets working deep. I don't think he's just going to be you throw him the ball in the flats, you throw him the ball, you know, on a drag route and you see him, you know, produce some yards after the catch. I think this is a legitimate three-level threat. So, do you remember what we said about Zachariah Branch in the wide receiver video? >> Yeah. >> Who decided he wasn't good at that? >> Completely different scenario. Purdue, he was a target funnel in Ohio State. When you have those two wide receivers,

like you're going to have to play a role that's maybe not in an indictment on what your talent is. >> Yeah. >> Or, you know, you know what's ironic, by the way? I have a higher grade on him. >> Really? >> Yeah. I have a 79. >> It feels like I'm the guy because you it's because you have Stowers propped up like a lot higher than I do, which would make sense. >> Um, >> yeah, >> I mean, he's he's a great tight end. I think he's a really solid tight end prospect. Like I said, I view him similar to back in 2021 when Pat Frymouth was coming out. I thought Frymouth was underrated athlete, really solid tight end. Frith hasn't really had the opportunity to be like the number one, number two target in his offense, but when he gets opportunities, he's a really productive guy. If Claire goes to a better landing spot or a landing spot that features the tight end position a little bit more, I think he can have top

12 seasons ahead of him for sure. >> Yeah. I guess where we disagree too is like you were actually more impressed with his inline ability. Like I actually thought like there was some like scare of like what I saw with Ben Sinet where he was lining up at Hback at times at Ohio State. He's kind of be using being used as a motion man. Like that gave me some Benson scars. But I guess I was just a lot more impressed with the athlete that he was compared to you. Yeah, I I think he's he's more likely to be, like I said, a prototypical Y tight end that does hit the field pretty soon in his career. I think he'll he'll go somewhere between round two, round three of the NFL draft as well. I think that a team will put the requisite draft capital into him to the point that he'll probably be productive pretty early on in his career. Um, the other guy that we have in this tier, and again, uh, the S tier for this video, uh, in the wide receiver video, the S tier was like top

10 talents. There's no top 10 talented tight ends in this class. We have this like top 25 talent for Sadi, top 50 or so talent for um for Claire Stoers and Jolie. And then we'll get to like the kind of the third round talents, the top 75s, the top 100s and so on as we go through. >> Actually, the way my rankings work right now is Sadique is the top 25 and these three tight ends are in the top 75 talent here for me. >> So technically, you wouldn't even really have any of these guys in the A tier based on my definition of the A tier because I have both Jolie and um and Stoers as top 50 talents. Correct. All these three guys are between 75 and 79.5 for me, which would be a top 75 grade. I have no tight ends in the 80 to 85 range. >> Okay. So, yeah, I guess I'm a little higher on the class as a whole, even though I have Claire a little lower. I think the mid-range of this class is quite solid. Anyways, Justin Jolie, tight end from NC State. Um, he's also

one of these tight ends where you got to really talk yourself into him reaching a certain threshold of inline ability because he's a certified my guy just because everything that any tight end prospect can have, he has perfect size and athletic profile for a big slot wide receiver more so than a a blocking tight end. He has magnetic hands to dominate in tight quarters. Big slot upside like I said, solid athlete and route runner. He didn't test, which also like Max Claire makes me a little worried that he's not as good of an athlete as I think he could be. And then his yards after catch ability, his analytical profile are all ironclad. Danny, did you know that there's three tight ends in this uh in since 2016 that achieved a year 1 to three of their college career, so their uh freshman season to their junior season um rece a reception market share above 20%. Do you know who those tight ends are? >> Reception market share above 20%. And >> just their freshman to their junior year

>> back to 2016. Okay. So, yeah, Bowers and Lovelin. That makes sense. >> Yeah. And keep in mind, by the way, as a um uh junior, he was competing for targets with Casey Conpsion and had more receiving yards than Casey Conpsion on 31 less targets. So, again, maybe top end speed's an issue. It's why he probably didn't test. Functionally, as a blocker, he definitely has a long way to go right now. He's undersized. He definitely has to add strength. I think he's raw mentally as well, but the framework is there. He has the receiving chops. He has the hands. He has the stuff that matters for fantasy tight ends and that's the reason that my comp for him is Harold Fannon Jr. who ironically didn't really run that fast also. >> Yeah. No, I can see it. I mean, you mentioned the magnetic hands at the catch point when the ball was in the air. It was a 7030 at minimum for Justin Jolie. It felt like every single time he was attacking it out of his frame, he

was able to come down with it consistently. Uh I'm not sure if you remember to the play where he literally caught the pass down the field, pulled his hammy midplay and ran in for the last 25 yards. >> He did. Yeah, he did do that. >> Like he pulled a [ __ ] Greg Jennings. >> Yeah, literally. Speaking of downfield ability, by the way, on the same field as Casey Conpsion in 2024, he had a 99.9 receiving grade on 20 plus yard targets and he went five of six on contested catches down the field as well. >> Yeah, my confer was a guy like Ed Dixon, if you guys remember the early 2010s Baltimore Ravens. Um, I I just think of his ability as that, you know, number two tight end. It was him, Dennis Pitta, Todd Heap kind of in that jump. Uh, you look at the athletic tools as well, very comparable. I think if Jolie would have ran, he probably would have run somewhere between what the the >> mid to 475 probably. >> Yeah, I was going to say mid 46s to low 47s probably around the range. Uh, same

thing with Dixon. And you look at the vertical, you look at the overall frame, 6'4, 250 lbs. Um, yeah. I I I think, you know, with that Dixon, if you get a 500 plus yard year in year two for Justin Jolie, I think you'd take that as great success. >> Yeah, man. With with 13 career targets, 20 plus yards downfield, he produced over 250 yards and like six touchdowns or five touchdowns, sorry. Like that's really really good downfield production for a tight end. Like I that doesn't sound like a lot, but trust me, for a tight end, that is really really good downfield production. >> Yeah. No, I agree. So, I would classify this tier as the guys that had good film but also have good profiles because when we talk about the the next year players that I have at five and six, I might have even been more impressed with their film, but the profiles is what carries them down. >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's uh do you want to go with Delp or Raridan first? >> Um do you have both these guys in here

next year as well? >> I don't. I have um I have Claire and Raridan in this tier and I have um Delp in the tier below. So, I guess we'll start with Raran first. Um, Eli Raridan, um, quickly off the top, he had two ACL tears in his career, so he has some injury durability concerns that we have to be worried about, but he ran a 462 at the combine. He has prototypical size. He has great hands and great length. that uh catch radius stat that I talked about already. I believe Eli Raridan is also in the 90th percentile of that because when you factor in his jumps, his size, his length, his hand size, all that kind of stuff, he is uh 87th percentile and very comparable to the George KDs and Trey McBride's from that perspective. Um he also had a lot of value as a deep target. He was really productive in 2025. Going back to his other seasons, he wasn't productive, but at Notre Dame, they had Mitchell Evans and early in his career, Michael Mayer. So there was other uh productive NFL

tight ends that were on the field with him, but he was a really high recruit. Came in, had to learn the position a little bit. He is a little bit raw as a route runner. His yards after catch is a little average, but I know um what is it? Max T from reception perception when he charted. I think Rar's tight end one in the class if I'm not mistaken. Like he is very high on his route running ability. Yeah, I I mean I can hear it all the way to like literally a top three tight end in this class if you're willing to overlook the profile because again like the profile is what keeps both him and Delp down for me. Nine out of 15 analytics. You gave him an 11. So a little bit more more >> benefit percentile in the model is not bad. 95th percentile in the traits and my comp for him was Terence Ferguson. Yours kind of like a Dallas Goddard light. >> Yeah. And it's funny because when you go through some of my tight end rankings like I'll talk about it with DPA as well. Like it's like the project Dallas

Goddard. If you take Rar in round three of your draft, uh, if you're an NFL team, the whole goal is by year three, can you develop him into a Dallas GDR because you got the similar dimensions, you got the similar stylistic, uh, play style. And I mean, for example, if he went to the Philadelphia Eagles, developed one year behind God, then took over the mantle come 2027. I think the upside is legitimately a top five to8 tight end in football. I think the upside, not because they're the exact same player necessarily, but I think the upside is what we were screaming at you guys in 2023, which was to draft a [ __ ] ton of Tucker Craft in the third or fourth round of your rookie drafts. And now Tucker Craft is a top six dynasty tight end. >> So, hear me out. Um, I don't think he's got the inline that that Tucker Craft does, but he's not after the catch as Craft either. >> Yeah. And and again, he's not nearly as refined of as a route runner as the guy that I'll mention, but if you look at

the frame, you look at the ability to extend out of his catch radius. You look at the ability to come down with those athletic plays down the field as well. There is a little bit of Coulson Lovelin here, like if somebody's going to say, "Hey, I want the Walmart Lovelin from this class." Like Rarin's probably the best bet. >> Yeah. No, I He's a really really intriguing receiving prospect. And again, I would argue that he has much more inline viability than even anybody that's on the screen right now. legitimately like he has like not as much >> not too deep for me but I agree. >> Yeah, like Sam Rouge and stuff are going to have a little bit more down the down the board, but I think that Rarin is he's pro ready to be a Y tight end in the NFL assuming durability is not a concern for him, which he definitely could be. And I think if he goes like round five, round six of the NFL draft, that's probably what happened is that he got flagged um for the knee injuries

that he had. But if he goes round two, round three, I mean he's going to be right like he's in the prospect model right now. He's on par with like the Claire's and the Stoers and the Jolies with projected fifth round draft capital. So if he goes in the third round, he's going to end up being like tight end one or tight end two, three or four in the class. >> Yeah, very spicy >> for sure. So um moving into my C tier um is the only top 100 grade that I have, which is Jack Andre, but you have Oscar Delp in this tier. So let's talk about Delp first. Um because Delpelp is right on the fringe of a day a day early day three grade versus a top 100 grade for me right now just because I think he has he's basically just a big athlete at this point in time. So that's that's kind of we'll talk about him with with I'll let you go on Delt first because you're higher on him. >> Yeah, we'll we'll flash it on the screen. I I guess I was just uh a much

more like I'm trying to see like what area that I'm a lot higher on him than you are. >> Um >> blocking blocking was an issue for me a little bit more. So, um, smart Q. I just think he doesn't really have a ton of plan to his game at this point in time. And analytically, I think he's he's a pretty big train wreck. He's a 12th percentile analytics grade. >> So, I we had a similar analytics grade. It's most just the blocking. Again, I thought he was a very good inline blocker. I thought he was arguably him and, you know, Rarin were up there with the best in the class. Obviously, outside of like a Sam Roo's main, you know, role is going to be as a number two like Lee Smith type of blocking tight end. Hear me out, dude. If anybody's going to be the project George KD, the low producing tight end with all the athletic traits, with the ability to play in line, with the ability to flex out, with the ability to impact all three levels of the field, I

think it's going to be Oscar Delp. Now, the profile I can't have ranked higher than I do. Like five out of 15 is what's like inherently going to be bringing him down. But if he had an 11 out of 15 there, like you guys can do the math. He'd have a 79.5. If you had a little bit better of in terms of his catching metrics, for example, his contested catch rate, not really a big sample. He's only gotten like four contested targets or five contested targets here and there in the last couple of years, but admittedly, he just hasn't been able to come down with them, but at the same time points to the fact that he's getting open when he's actually tasked to get these receiving opportunities. >> Yeah. I my my issue with him is why didn't he produce in 2024 and 2025? I get lost and lucky as like a decent prospect and whatever, but like I early in your career, you have Bowers ahead of you. You're not going to produce. >> Yeah. >> But once Bowers leaves, you should be

productive. And Raridan was when his guys left, but Delta >> the big difference in quarterback play as well. I would say uh CJ Carr this year was a lot better than anything that Well, Georgia for example, Carson Beck the year prior had market share and target share numbers aren't close for them either. >> Sure. Sure. I'm just pointing out the fact that Carson Beck had a bad shoulder his last year and then this past year with Stockton that just wasn't really a good Georgia offense comparatively. But I know what you mean. Like we talk about Penn State guys and Georgia guys and we always say, "Hey, why don't these guys produce more?" And then you go to the NFL and it's like, "Oh, maybe they just were kind of limited in that capacity in college." >> Yeah. Like you were a sick recruit, dude. And you're an insanely good athlete. You got to put up more than 284 yards in a season. Like I was in Washington and those guys were there early in your career. But as soon as

those guys left, you got to at least put up like a 500 yard season in my opinion. >> He's the the definition of the greatest flashes player. When you look at the production, it's not there. But when you watch what he does when he gets that production, holy crap. Like you're not going to find a tight end in this class outside of maybe Sadique that moves like that. >> No, you're not. You're right. And that's why I gave him as much kind of credit as I did. I gave him like the Albert O comp because Okunam also was a very good athlete and and he was actually much more productive than Oscar Delp was coming out of school. Um but he was a lot more like straight line fast as opposed to like dynamically athletic the way that Oscar Delp is like in and out of his breaks and stuff. >> But again, >> he's like the the Nick Singleton of the tight end position where it's like the Devi Darling, the guy that Oscar Delp was early in his career. People are

still, you know, holding on to it to some degree. I don't think he has George KD like upside. I think that his upside would be more so like >> I'm trying to think of like a big slot tight end that would be really productive in their career who was like a Debbie Darling. I can't think of a name off the top of my head. Delta is a very one of one type of prospect. It's really if he hits there's going to be no framework for why >> other than great athlete. >> Well, that's what I mean. Like we don't have comps other than like George KD. And obviously George KD is like the theund [ __ ] 99th percentile. Like I'm not even going to say 100th percentile. being George KD, your first ballot hall of famer. Like even if you're the best tight end prospect of all time, it's tough to compare someone to George KD, but like you don't find guys that move this well that are this athletic at all three levels that run a 447 at his listed size. And George KD had the exact

same production at Iowa. So it's like >> I mean he was a 74th percentile dominator rating though cuz even though Iowa didn't he didn't have good box score production based on his offense and when he got targets he was more efficient. >> Yeah. which again very reasonable but like it's not like that production profile was a strength for George KD like it isn't for Oscar Delp but when you watch the player play and you see >> 250 lbs moving the way he does running routes the way he does yards after catch the way he does like I don't see many tight ends on earth right now doing it like that and I understand there's so many holes in this profile have a 73.5 on him I'm talking about this guy is potentially the you know project George KD with a 73.5 grade on him. There's definitely holes in his game, but when you're in the round three area of your rookie draft, these are the upside swings we need to be taking. >> Yeah. Like in the model, like he's he's

comparable from a production angle and like a overall profile angle to like a Grant Calcater, but he's a better athlete than Calcara. >> Calcara had a bad injury, too. Like that was part of his thing. >> There is no comp. There is there is no comp for for Oscar Delv. he hits, we are never going to find a prospect profile like this again where the the flashes on film are so high-end and the production is actually laughably bad. >> Yeah. Also, with Calcara, he retired in 2019 due to concussions and then he came back, I believe, in 2021. Uh, so he took two years off and then came back, which is probably >> I think a good comp for Delp is if we were high on this player, whoever liked Luke Musgrave. We didn't like Luke Musgrave though, but like if someone really liked Luke Musgrave, the profile was similar. >> Yeah, I think they have like different dimensions too. Um like like Luke Musgrave was 255 or something. I think he's 66 too. >> He was taller. Yeah. No, that that's

what I mean. I remember Musgrave being like 6'6 or 67 or some [ __ ] like that. >> Yeah. But anyways, um Delp definitely an interesting conversation cuz of course he's going to factor into people's um you know, sleeper plans because of what he represents um athletically. Um the guy I it's just because of how my grades shook out. Delp didn't quite get a top 100 grade for me and Endries did. So that's why I have Endries a little higher. Andre is like the Jeremy Bernard of the tight end position in my opinion where like >> look at our comps. They you know exactly what you're getting. You're getting a 6'5 245 47 or I mean I guess he ran a 462 but you know what I mean? He doesn't really like look >> underratedly he has a little bit more upside than maybe we're giving him credit for. I call like literally look at the right. It says he's the vanilla ice cream of the tight end class. >> Yeah. >> Um >> he's got good hands. He has good speed.

He's tested pretty well. Productive in 2024 at Cal and then he gets to Texas. Not quite as productive there. But prototypical size. He's a reliable short to intermediate route runner. He's kind of like the the discount Max Clair for me, at least the way that I view him. Um because the downfield usage is a problem. The 2025 dip in production is a problem. It's very similar to Cla's profile in my opinion. Um, and I do think he has probably a lower ceiling and is probably more likely to be a team's number three option in the passing game as opposed to a team's number one or two option. >> You want to hear a median comp? You want to hear a median comp that I thought of when I was watching him was uh Kate Stove. >> Yeah. Well, in the prospect model, Kate Stover is the floor, Kate. Uton's the median, and then the ceiling is Tyler Higgby. And I think the ultimate ceiling, how good could this guy truly be is both of those if they're in a Cowboys like situation, Schultz and

Ferguson. >> Yeah. No, I I agree. And for for reference for both uh Schultz and Ferguson, they were fourth round picks. Didn't really do much in their first year. Second year is kind of what we saw it. That would probably be the timeline for a guy like injuries. >> Um you get him in a spot, let's just say the New England Patriots, he's the backup to Hunter Henry in year one and then he takes over year two. Like I think that would make a lot of sense. Um, it also like I think obviously this guy testing last year end up breaking his foot in the middle of his 40, but it is funny that we get Gunner home and then Jack Andre's back to back like the exact definition of this archetype. >> Yeah. And they never actually played together at Texas. Um, but yeah, >> I mean like they replaced Gunner Helm with like a slightly more athletic Gunner Helm, you know? In hindsight, I should probably move Delp into the same tier because if I was on like given a roster I was choosing between a high

upside option or a guy that I can use as a backup option, I would choose Andrees if I needed a good backup. I would choose Delp if I'm swinging for the ceiling. So, I probably should have them in the same tier reasonably because um Delp does have a much higher fantasy ceiling than Andre does. >> Well, I thought Raridan and Delp were very comparable. Like they had almost identical grades for me. So, like I guess I'm a little shocked that there's just that much of a difference for them for you. >> Yeah. Again, maybe I need to move my grade up on Delp just a little bit as far as like um some of the stuff that you had higher for him, like his smarts and IQ and his blocking and stuff. I maybe I should watch one more game on him because maybe his blocking is a little better than I gave him credit for. >> Yeah, for sure. Um but we can go to and for the reference by the way um in terms of how my tier work is a little bit different because Stoers and Jolie had uh 80 to 85 for you. the rest of your

tiers kind of got pushed down. Whereas for me, if we look at mine, um they would be top 75 talents in the second tier, top 100 talents in the third tier, and then this is I believe the start of the day three talents here with >> Yeah. You'd basically have a blank A tier essentially in this shifted down. >> Yeah. Um let's talk about Michael Trigg, I guess, next. Uh most likely because in my situation, yeah, he's my tight end eight, he's your tight end eight. Um, Michael Trigg kind of bombed the pre-draft process, which is suck because I think his films a little better than what we're giving him credit for here. We both have him comped to Gerald Everett. I think he has a pretty decent route tree. I liked his yards after catch ability on TA. He has decent athleticism, but he jumped like what 29 in or something. >> 27. >> Yeah. Like he I've heard that he might have off the field concerns and that would make sense given how bad his pre-draft process was.

>> Yeah. It's just not ideal. On top of that, the blocking is just not where you want it. >> 24 as a rookie as well. >> Um 24 as a rookie. I gave him the benefit of the doubt. I gave him a seven and a half out of 10 with his hands. You look at the raw metrics, they would point to probably closer to a five. But the reason I gave him the 7.5 was kind of like the Jacobe Lane factor was when he was coming down with these contested catches. Like there were plays where like there was a defender draped all over him and he's just extending [ __ ] looking like Dumbo in the middle of the air and coming down with some crazy catches. like the way he attacks at the catch point, he looks like an NBA power forward. >> Yeah, he's like 30% worse across the board uh version of Kenyon Sadiq. >> Yeah, literally what he is. Um but he's also way older than Sadi. Sadik's like almost three years younger than he is. So that's the other big difference between um you know the TR profile

versus Sadiq. I just tend to think he'll be Brevin Jordan uh at the next level. I don't think he's going to end up being a major hit, especially if he doesn't have the like above the shoulders wherewithal to improve and actually perform at his proday and that kind of like I just I don't want anything to do with him to be honest. >> Didn't really do much at Old Miss. Ended up going to Baylor. That's when you saw the production and like you said, he's an older prospect at this point. And I n Sam Roo um he's a guy if I was an NFL GM I might value a little more 66 270 the ability in line, but he just doesn't really have a lot of fancy upside. Like you were higher on his route running. I just didn't really feel like he looked like a refined route runner at all there. Um the hands were an issue in terms of the metrics and in terms of on tape. Just a lot of drops that we saw um happen quite frequently. >> Um I guess you you didn't have his

blocking quite as high as I did. I thought he was arguably the best blocker in this class. >> I I think he definitely is still one of the best block like I think you just gave more high blocking grades than I did. I think I still had him as like the second highest blocking grade behind Riden if I'm not mistaken. Um >> yeah, the hands weren't an issue. The reason I gave him a little bit higher of a grade against route running is a his reception perception total is pretty good. Um, and b I think he beats zone coverage well. Um, so of the two types of coverage, I think he can squat pretty well. And >> his route tree was bad though. >> His route tree was like screens and drags and stuff. Like he was not a downfield target at all. And like the one of the biggest red flags that I think is kind of underrated for the tight end position is guys that average like 10 yards per reception or less and guys that have a dots of like six yards or less. Like when you're you're just

getting kind of forcefed production the way that Roo was. Like dude, this guy had 80 targets this year and he turned it into like barely 500 yards. >> You know targets is a lot of targets, man. Daniel Bellinger feels like a great comp because Daniel Bellinger is an inline tight end that tested like a freak that had that big frame but has kind of been more of an inline tight end, too. Now, you have developmental wide tight end one. I I would have I'd be hardressed to see him end eventually being like a dependable number one tight end in terms of as a receiver. >> Cole KT is the ceiling that I saw for him. >> Fair. >> And he was the Y tight end one at at points in his career. That's why I kind of gave him that the benefit of the doubt a little bit. I I think like Mitchell Evans, Charlie Kolar, like somebody like that is kind of what I see for Sam Rouge at the next level. Um, but again, like you said, if you're scouting for NFL draft purposes, he's worth a

third round NFL draft pick. It's just fantasy. We don't really care that much about a prospect like this. >> Like, I'm not here to say Sam Roo is a bad football player. I think he's actually a really good football player, but we want fantasy points. And unfortunately, I think this guy is going to have a, you know, maybe he gets a year where he's a starting tight end. He produces >> Johnson would be a good example of this who also tested very well >> and I and I thought Theo was further along as a receiver too. Like I do think this is a complete project as a receiver. >> Yeah. Yeah. And I mean you have Kosol is like kind of your tight end 10 here closing out this year. Kosol's not in our draft guide. Maybe we'll do a pro a profile on him before the NFL draft because I do think his production kind of does warrant it a little bit. Like Tanner Kosol at Ball State as a junior in 2024 had 123 targets. >> Yeah. in his career there and an 89.4

PFF receiving grade. He had 840 and eight touchdowns. But again, he does have a little bit of red flags on his profile. Like on those 123 targets, 40 of them were contested catch opportunities. So that's kind of a problem. He also is another one of these. Yeah, he's at a small school short to intermediate target. The bright side for Tanner Kial's profile though is that he went to Houston this year and the numbers didn't really change that much. He had 74.1% contested catch rate that he won on 20 out of 27. He has really strong hands. Only two drops, 2.6% drop rate this year. 2.26 yards per run and 87.3 PFF receiving grade. 74 catches, 727 and six touchdowns. His first year in a power four conference. So that's great. That's all good. But it doesn't seem like he's going to get the requisite draft capital because he doesn't really have a ton of upside as an inline blocker. He's a little undersized. He ran pretty well. I think he ran a 47 and flat or something like

that. He's got a decent athletic profile. Like he uh 78th percentile weight adjusted speed score, 124.9 burst score, which is in the 85th percentile. There's upside here, but he's like a stashed taxi squad guy cuz he's probably going in around six. >> Yeah, this guy's like if I if I said that, who was it? Um Delp was like the No, who who did I say was the Walmart version of someone else earlier in the video? >> Or Eli Rarin, Walmart, Coulson Love. Yeah. Eli Raridan, Walmart, Coulson, and Lovely. Well, like Tanner Kosall is like the team who Eli Raridan. It's like they're all in like the same like similar. >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. >> Yeah. You know who he reminds me of a little bit who we were excited about too for the same reason. Um he kind of reminds me of Zack Coun a little. >> I knew you were going to say that >> cuz he's like also he's like 6'7 too. He's like really tall. And Coun I think was almost six foot eight.

>> Yeah. Zack Coun. Uh funny. It was undrafted to the Jets or you got drafted in the seventh round. >> Unh. Seventh round. Seventh round. seventh round to the Jets. Shout >> out. If he gets drafted around seven, you want to take him with your 411 in your rookie draft or whatever, like go nuts. He definitely has a good profile. From a prospect model standpoint, he actually ranks higher than a lot of the other tight ends we talked about already. Like Tanner Kosol on a prospect model standpoint has a higher grade than Michael Trigg, then Jack Andre, than Oscar Delp, then Sam Roo, all of those guys. So >> yeah, >> again, part of it is because he had small school production that's buoying him up the up the board or whatever, but like guy's interesting at the very least. And then the other guys that we have listed here, can we could just speed through John Michael Dialborg from Wyoming, good athlete. >> You like the landing spot, you like the draft capital or you like just, you

know, a highlight debut watch of these guys. They're worth fourth round picks like >> Yeah. Utah tight end Don Bentley. Uh not super productive, but he did test well. Ran uh what he ran a 462, which is pretty solid. Um, >> he had he had decent production this year. I thought >> not terrible production. Yeah, he had a 16.75 analytics grade, which is a little bit worse than like your Michael Triggs of this class. So, >> yeah, >> not bad. >> The biggest issue is this first two years he had three combined receptions, but he had 48 for 620 and six this year. >> Yeah, which is not bad. Dayan Wright, I believe, also tested pretty well as well. I know the um when they charted him and reception perception, he didn't come out too well, but he ran a 464. His analytics grade is exactly the same as Michael Triggs. So, um, again, interesting players. Joe Royer is getting some buzz as maybe a third or a fourth round tight end. Josh Quavvis, again, maybe some third or fourth round

capital. Taxi Squad guys probably at most, though I can't imagine many people are going to be drafting these guys in their rookie drafts. For me, I actually think that Wright, Gallenborg, and Bentley kind of stand head and shoulders of like these are the only guys remaining that'll actually be fantasy relevant someday. But, you never know with the tight end position. Sometimes you get a guy out of nowhere that becomes a fantasy relevant guy. Even if it's like a K Dton like hit, maybe you get somebody like that out of the really really deep portions of this draft. But generally speaking, this tight end class is good. It's tight end. It's it's the second best position group in the class. It's a better class of tight end than it is at quarterback or running back. That's for damn >> easily. Easily. And again, once you get to the third round portion of your drafts and you have Raran and may maybe it's like late second, early third for Claire like in the best spot he goes top

50. Like the the highest I can see him going is what maybe mid-second for Claire. >> Yeah, I think that's about the highest he'd go. But yeah, you're deciding between guys that we think are top 75 talents, top 50 talents, even potentially top 100 talents at the very >> I could pick two or three if I needed to. >> Yeah, exactly. Especially if you have like, let's say you have George KD on your roster and you're like, I need some other tight ends on my team and I have the 304 and the 311. Take a shot on Jolie and Eli Raridan with those picks and they could end up being long-term options for you. especially if you have teams with older tight ends like KD, like Hawinson, like Kelsey, or whoever you might have, the Andrews, whatever. So, um, yeah, definitely a tight end class that we're going to be taking swings on. U, make sure if you guys enjoyed this video, leave a like down below, subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. Go check out

yesterday's video. We did the wide receiver position, which is a little bit longer because there's a lot more guys that we talked about. We will be covering running backs. We will be covering quarterbacks, but spoiler alert, I mean, Jack Andre and Oscar Delp are going to be ranked over like RB6 in this class cuz like the class of running back stinks and they're like mainly day three guys behind the first five or so that we actually liked and would spend high rookie picks on. So, um, make sure to check that out when we talk about it. And, uh, also we're going to have other videos leading up to the NFL draft. My guys, um, Dane Bugler just dropped a seven round NFL mock draft today. We're going to do a video reacting to that. Um, so make sure you're you're keeping it tapped in here. And also, if you guys want film breakdowns on every tight end that we talked about, minus Kial, which we might add later up to the draft, we will um have that in the Dynasty rookie

draft guide, the Wall Street Journal. You can get access to that right now if you go to flockfantasy.com. You sign up for a [ __ ] package, an annual Mother Flocker gets a free live team review, and you get access to our draft guide and the draft guides of all your other favorite creators, the domain guys, uh, Zach over at Dynasty Land and also Mason. You can check that out um using the code down below in the pin comment. Uh promo code FSE. Start your 7-day free trial. Get started over there and um get learning about this rookie class. We got what a thousand hours of film review that you guys can watch that you will not see here on YouTube. That's a lot of content for you to go into, especially once you're on the board on the clock deciding between Eli Raridan and Jack Andre or whatever. You can watch both of those videos and have an idea of what they look like on film. >> Yeah, absolutely. But hope you guys enjoyed. Uh, we haven't really talked about this tight end class in depth

after Sadique, so it was fun to hop on here. >> Yeah, for sure. So, with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
