The NFL draft is in the books and if you guys need wide receivers in your 2026 rookie drafts, I have got you covered. Let's uncover the best values, the fades, the sleepers today in wide receivers to target and avoid. Now, I know the NFL draft on day two and three was basically Chinese water torture. But it has never been more important than this year that when players fall, when everything blends together, when we feel like the whole class stinks, let's uncover the tie breaks together. Let's uncover the gems together. As you guys know, this is a video I do every single year, multiple times a year, going through the FSE prospect model, which is undergoing full updates over on flockfantasy.com. Those updates for the wide receivers, running backs, quarterbacks, and tight ends where you guys can tinker around and access all this information, should be live by, let's say, Sunday night at the latest, maybe at worst case scenario on Monday. So, if you have rookie drafts coming up,

you should be covered there. And of course, annual subs, get a free live team review as always with the promo code FSE linked down below in the pin comment. Another disclaimer off the top, since I haven't done this yet this off seasonason, I am going to just quickly recap how the prospect model works, but just going to be a couple of minutes, not going to be super long, just the cliff notes. And of course, if you guys don't care, you can always skip ahead. The timestamps are along the scroll bar on the uh bottom there. And uh I'll put a full video linked in the description where I do go more in depth on how the model works. Again, just a refresher, the process of the model is this. Ultimately, the goal of why I made this wide receiver prospect model was so we could hit on our rookie picks. A hit defined one of two ways. Either by year 1 to four PPR point per game receiving production because we want players who are productive on their rookie contracts or by peak dynasty value measured by

keep trade cut following their rookie season and beyond. Because again, you can hit on a rookie pick like Luther Burton for example who hasn't produced yet but is very valuable on the market simply because he had a lot of buzz. He flashed a little bit as a rookie and now you can sell him for like a 271 and2 which I actually did earlier today on our live stream with Arthur. So that's how you can hit on both ways. Either just pure fantasy production or by value. The cliff notes on how this model works are this 40% analytics is what goes into the grade. That's things like breakout age, first downs per outr run, uh target share, yards per outr run, targets per outr run, all that kind of stuff. 25% traits grade, so that's height, weight, relative athletic scorees of MathBomb. And then there's also in-game measured stuff like contested catch rate, drops, yards after catch per reception, average depth of target, slot percentage, deep targets, that kind of thing. And then there's 35%

of the model that is film related stuff. 20% of that being draft capital, which we now have postNFL draft, PFF receiving grades, and then my grades if I graded them. And then if I didn't grade them, Lance Zerline's grades. So pre2021, those would be his grades. Each trait has its own trend line. For example, we are solving for X. If this was algebra, X is a wide receiver who's achieved a 15 plus point per game season in the NFL. So, a productive wide receiver one. That's what we're looking for. That's what we want to draft with any of these players. One of the traits, as an example, could be best season yards per run, which is one of the traits in the model. It's worth 2.5%. 3.04 was the average of the wide receivers who achieved a 15 plus point per game season. So, I graded each receiver on a curve based on that total. 3.04 04 was the average of those guys. 3.25 was how you exceeded that total and got the 2.5%. If you got somewhere close to three, you got 2%, 1.5% and so on. So

with all those traits, it spit out an FSE grade which is out of 100%. I rigorously tested how much I should wait each trait for the correlations and all that kind of thing. And you are placed in a prospect bucket, all of which are fantasy themed. prospects are either league winners, wide receiver one upside, wide receiver two upside, wide receiver three upside, flex play, and so on. And you could see the hit rates on the screen there. Um, prospects needed to qualify by playing at least three NFL seasons to be a part of this because I'm not going to ding a prospect for not producing as a rookie when they might come out as a secondyear player and produce. The model has an R squared of 0.4001, so basically 0.4. And it is 35.45% four or five% more predictive than raw draft capital alone and more so than any other year. This is important this season because teams decided to reach on prospects who weren't considered to be second, third round receivers and some of the better prospects fell in the

draft to the third to the fourth to the fifth round and we are definitely going to need to dig deeper to make sure we are picking the players that age better than some of the players that don't. And then the hit rates for the dynasty values you guys can see that on the screen as well. You can always sell high on players, right? So getting hit rates on dynasty values is important. Again, think of Luther Burton. He's the perfect example right now. Hasn't produced in the NFL yet, but people assume he will. Ergo, if you don't believe in Luther Burton and you have some question marks about him or you think he's overvalued, you can sell high on him right now. You could sell him for a mid-proed one and two next year like I did today. So hit rates for dynasty value, as you can see here, wide receiver one upside peak wide receiver ones and dynasty 60% of the time. And again, this happens after a prospect's rookie year or later. I do not count their peak dynasty value until

January after their rookie season to account for the fact that they could face plant, which is why I do that. In the wide receiver model, the four prospects that have posted the best scores, the highest FSE grades that are the league winner prospects are, as you can see here, Malik Neighbors, Marvin Harrison Jr., Jamar Chase, and CD Lamb. A lot of obvious studs there, minus Marvin Harrison, who hasn't quite done it yet, but he hasn't entered year three of his career. He is entering year three of his career. So hopefully he can turn it around this season. If you guys see that rookie draft tier based on draft capital, which you're going to see throughout this video, basically what that means, it's a measure of how good the wide receiver prospect is relative to other wide receivers who were taken in the same round or in the same area of draft capital. So essentially, as you can see on the screen, these are five different first round receivers. Malik Neighbors as a guy with a very high FSE

grade has the Godfather label, meaning you'd pretty much never not take Malik Neighbors on the board given how good of a prospect he was. JSN a smash. Chris Alave a solid label. Jameson Williams little bit of bus potential. Be careful. Cadarius Tony outright avoid him. He's a landmine. It just spits out canned advice. And again, it's relative to where they were drafted. So all the first round receivers are compared to first round receivers. All the second round receivers are compared to second rounders. Third rounders to third rounders. Day three guys to day three guys, UDFAs to UDFAS. So now we're going to get into the 2026 class. And if you guys skipped ahead to this part, these are not my official rankings as I'm going through this. These are the models rankings. Mine are heavily influenced by this because it's my model. I created it. But I also factor in landing spots and that kind of stuff as well. We're going to use this as a compass to make sure we're not overvaluing landing spot.

That's basically what the point of this is. But we're not going to go on gospel and say that we're going to draft these guys in this exact order with no nuanced um analysis on this. And also, if you if you guys do want my official wide receiver rankings for rookie drafts, they are live on Flock Fantasy right now, as are all of my top 50, top 60 players. And the draft isn't even over yet. Like the seventh round is finishing up at this moment. Our Dynasty rookie draft guide is going to undergo a big time update this weekend. Also available on flockfantasy.com along with the prospect model and that kind of thing. And I'm proud to announce that if you guys want our Dynasty rookie draft guide, you can get it with a $10 underdog sign up using the promo code FSE. That's right, our draft guide promo is back this season. We just resigned a one-year deal with underdog, and we're very excited about it. You can get our Dynasty rookie draft guide, which includes all those PDFs that you guys

can see on the screen right now, the strengths, the weaknesses, the player cards, the grades, the comps, all that good stuff. And if you click on that prospect video tab, you can watch a full film breakdown on 50 plus prospects in this class. 1,000 hours of bingeable fantasy content that you will not see on YouTube. You can get that for free. You can get our reddraft guide once it comes out. The reddraft rankings manifesto 2026 version that'll be coming out in June or July. And then you'll also get our inseason weekly rankings for one underdog signup using the promo code FSE and a $10 first play on underdog. So put an entry in to Ball Mania when it drops later this week. put an entry in for Pickham for uh NBA or NHL to get access to that um to that promo. You do actually have to make a play on the site. So, use code FSE to get started within 24 to 48 hours from now. You should receive access to the guide because like I said, it's still being updated. It hasn't come out yet, but I'm

hoping by Monday at the latest, you guys should have access to that and Underdog will send you an email saying, "Thanks for using code FSE. Here's access to the guides." So, let's get into the 2026 class. Apologies for the plug there, but unfortunately we do not have any league winner prospects in this class. We were close. Mai Lemon was close. Had he gone in the top 10, he definitely would have had a very good chance of being a league winner prospect. But we do have three wide receiver one upside prospects. A wide receiver one upside prospect has an expected year 1 to4 PPR points per game of 11.7 as you guys can see above me. And also 43% of the time they hit a wide receiver one season. And on from a from a dynasty value perspective, they peak as a wide receiver two or better in dynasty 85% of the time. So they're generally pretty safe assets. Mai Lemon 20th overall to the Philadelphia Eagles is the wide receiver one in the model. Now he is not my wide receiver one

postdraft because as I'll talk about in a second, um but he is wide receiver one in the model still. I'm sure a lot of people won't be a fan of this landing spot. The pros are that it's a well-run franchise, the Philadelphia Eagles. They're a winning team. They're generally a pretty high-scoring offense. But the cons are what people are focused on. Jaylen Herz is not a very good passer. Volume passing wise is an issue. And AJ Brown still is on the roster as of now, but there's like a 99% chance he gets traded post June 1st to the New England Patriots. He is not the wide receiver one in my rankings because he and Tate's grades were very close to me both on film and also in the model as you'll see in a second. So, I am okay siding with the fourth overall draft capital of Carnell Tate and the opportunity to actually be the number one receiver right away on his team because they don't have a Devonte Smith in Tennessee. And as you could maybe argue that Cam Ward could have a higher

ceiling as a passer than Jaylen Herz. I will say though, as great as Dvonte Smith is, Lemon could end up being a better receiver than Devonte Smith. There's no law that says Mai Lemon can't smash and become the next Jackson Smith and Jigba because look at the comps that you can see on the screen here. Justin Jefferson, Elijah Moore, Jackson Smith and Jigba. Also like Travis Hunter and Garrett Wilson in this territory as well. Remember also too that if you're worry is I'm not drafting Mai Lemon because oh the the the Eagles have a bad quarterback. They're not going to throw the ball. Remember what it was like to not get Garrett Wilson in uh 2022 because of the Jets and the Jets suck and all that kind of stuff. If the Eagles bottom out, Jaylen Herz will be gone. If the Eagles bottom out, Nick Serriani will be gone. Things change quickly in the NFL. It it also could have anything to do with Dvonte Smith once his next contract is up for extension. So I wouldn't be too

concerned about the situation with Mai Lemon, but be concerned with the player that Mai Lemon is who was the Bulletnikov award winner, a ironclad prospect, a Monro St. Brown, Jackson Smith, and Jigba were the comps that we had from the film. Also, sometimes addition by subtraction helps. Maybe Jaylen Herz wasn't playing well because AJ Brown was the issue the entire time and now that he's gone, maybe he'll start to pass the ball better. Like we saw from him in that breakout season back in 2022. So number two receiver in the prospect model is Carnell Tate, fourth overall to the Tennessee Titans. He is my wide receiver one postNFL draft. His grade is less than 1% lower than Lemons, but he does get the better draft capital. Top five draft capital is no joke. He's very safe, very comfortable taking him at the 102 in rookie drafts because he has a young quarterback who likes to push the ball downfield, who's a bit of a gambler, a bit of a risk taker. And as we talked about with Carnell Tate, the entire

draft process, he had the best contested catch rate in the class, pretty much the best contested catch rate of any wide receiver prospect since 2016, up over 80%. And it's a wide openen depth chart. The number twos and number threes that are on this team already manner Juell Robinson who they signed Calvin Ridley Shamir DK they're good compliments but if Carnell Tate's the player that we all think he is he's going to be the number one receiver here and probably command 120 130 plus targets as a rookie. Brian Dballal's offenses are really pass heavy which is again a tiebreaker for why I have him over Lemon and he's featured rookie receivers before. We saw him with Malik Neighbors just two years ago. Have Malik Neighbors go to a top six pan fantasy points per game season with bad quarterbacks. He didn't have a quarterback like Cam Ward. So Carnell Tate, you see the comps there. Romo Dunce I think is a very good one. Garrett Wilson, Amecha Ibuka, Cory Davis, not quite to the level of like a

Drake London because he doesn't have like the physical size dominance that London does. I actually think Odun is probably about the best comp for Carnell Tate. If you picture Odunce, the prospect, landing in this situation, how excited would you have been for him at the time? Moving in to the number three receiver in this class in the model, that is Jordan Tyson, formerly of Arizona State, now of the New Orleans Saints. He was the eighth overall pick in the NFL draft. Now, I have Tyson below Lemon. A lot of people are probably going to have Tyson wide receiver one or two ahead of Lemon. And I don't believe that should be the case, and I'll explain why. Obviously, we beat to death the dead horse narrative of of Jordan Tyson. Why we don't think he's quite the caliber of prospect. I had an 86.0 film grade on Jordan Tyson, a 91.0 on Mai Lemon and a 90.5 on Carnell Tate. To me, there was a gap in talent between these three prospects, but Tyson is in the range of prospects in the model that

is not quite as good as Tate and Lemon. You could see he's barely cracking the wide receiver one bucket here. still some great comps. The closest one as far as makeup of analytics, film, and his uh traits probably being Jerry Judy in terms of his profile. I've beat the prospect concerns to death of why I don't love him after the catch, why I think at the catch point he can get out muscled at times, the injury history, all that kind of stuff. But people are high on Tyler Shuck. Tyler Shuck showed a lot as a rookie. They have good weapons now. They have a lav. They have Jordan Tyson. They drafted Bryce Lance in the fourth round. And they also drafted Oscar Delp in the third round. It's possible that Jordan Tyson long term can ascend to the number one receiver for a nice young quarterback and a good offense and Kell Moore runs a good scheme. Ave is better than him right now though. A still will be the number one receiver as long as he is there, at least in my opinion. And like

I said, they added some other guys later in the draft. So, like Mai Lemon, I think this situation could have some growing pains early, could have some target competition, too many miles to feed narratives early, which is why I'm sticking with my pre-draft evaluation of Mai Lemon over Jordan Tyson because I do believe he is the better prospect. But again, Jordan Tyson, he's going to be anywhere between Jerry Judy, DJ Moore, Acha Buker, or Trayon Burks. We don't know where, but that's the caliber of prospect he is. Miss me with Malik Neighbors, miss me with Jamar Chase, miss me with Justin Jefferson. He was never as good as those prospects. He is a lot closer to like a DJ Moore or a Jerry Judy, which is not an insult. Those are guys that went in the first round who were good prospects. And he went to a good landing spot and has a chance to produce right away. Wide receiver two upside. We had more pre-draft, but unfortunately, everyone knows the Chinese water torture that

took place after night one of the NFL draft. Day two was brutal, man. Day two was absolutely brutal, and so was day three for that matter. We just now have three guys remaining in the wide receiver two upside bucket when before the draft two days ago there was six guys in this bucket. Um but due to a combination of bad landing spots, bad draft capital, and people falling, we now only have three of these guys. Wide receiver 2 upside prospects, as you can see above me, a 33% chance of wide receiver one production. 60% of the time you're going to get about 12 points per game or more, which is like top 24, top 30 production, so fantasy relevance. and then wide receiver two or better in dynasty value about 60% of the time. So again, just over half the time you're going to hit on these types of players, but the hits are not going to be nearly as dominant as those wide receiver one upside tier prospects. One every three times you'll get one of those. Casey Conpsion is the wide receiver for in the

model. He went 24th overall to the Cleveland Browns. Initially, I was quite excited about this landing spot for Casey Conpsion on day one of the NFL draft because at the time I was like, "Oh man, wide open depth chart. They have Harold Fannon, but Jerry Judy is not going to be long for Cleveland. Cedric Tilman just a complimentary guy and he's a free agent after this year. But they went and drafted Denzel Boston too at the early portion of day two on the 39th pick. So this whole territory of wide receiver that was supposed to make up, let's say, the 107 to 112 of rookie drafts basically got nuked by bad draft capital, bad landing spots, or the Browns and Jets taking them all and the Ravens taking them all as well. I might pose this question though. What if this is not as bad as you were thinking originally? I'm playing devil's advocate because I think the general consensus is that we got screwed at the end of rookie drafts here. What if the Browns and Jets because they drafted good pass catchers

actually just become better offenses, actually just become better teams and whoever their quarterbacks might be, whether you believe in Gino Shadur, Deshun Watson or not, and most of us probably don't. If their quarterback comes in 2027, who's to say that Casey Conpsion can't have a good rookie season, high efficiency, high target share, maybe it doesn't show up a ton in the box score, but he finishes the season strong like a Luther Burden did, like some of these receivers that do at the end of their rookie seasons, and then he gets a brand shiny new quarterback at the top of next year's draft. The other possibility here too is what if one of these receivers bust, whether it's Casey or Boston, if one of them doesn't work out, the other one's probably going to end up being very good and we could have a one hit one miss situation. So, I wouldn't suggest taking both of these guys on the same dynasty team in the same rookie draft, but I would suggest taking your shots on some

of these um these Browns receivers, and I'll get to Boston in a second. Short-term getting the targets and holding value is crucial. So, long term, the situation can improve. Casey Conpsion is my preference. His comps range from Chris Ave who was my pre-draft comp for him. Maris Brown, Jordan Addison, and Xavier Worthy. He's a little bigger than Worthy and Addison were, and Brown was coming out. I think a lav is the best comp that I can come up with, but analytically he stacks up the closest, probably more so to Addison and Worthy. Number five receiver in the model is Omar Cooper Jr. of the New York Jets. They picked him with the 30th pick in the draft in the first round. I like the landing spot because of the depth chart because Garrett Wilson is the only good receiver there. But they also drafted Kenyan Sadik at tight end who is probably going to command some targets himself. So again, very similar to what I just said about Casey Conpsion, maybe it's a one hit, one miss situation or

hear me out, what if the Jets just become a better offense because now they have in addition to Bree Hall and Garrett Wilson, two other great young players and some ancillary pieces like AD Mitchell and Mason Taylor to help out. Again, I would have preferred like everybody on planet Earth, Cooper to go to San Francisco, Cooper to go to Buffalo, Cooper to go to better situation than the Jets. But at the same time, this situation, if you're patient, could look better next year when they draft a quarterback with one of their three first round picks, or maybe Gino Smith and Cade Clubick can be decent this season, get Omar Cooper to a nice rookie season, and then maybe he becomes um, you know, a great option going forward. They have a good offensive line. We don't know about the coaching staff. That's my one concern with New York is Frank Reich and Aaron Glenn. I frankly just don't trust them. But suddenly this is a pretty talented team with a lot of weapons, a lot of young

players. Cooper is my 110 as of now. I don't love the landing spot, but I will buy the dip if he slides. So if you guys are in a position where you're not competitive right away and you could just take a shot on a player that by year two, year three can be a great fantasy asset for you. Then maybe, like I said, things can change quickly in the NFL. Maybe Garrett Wilson isn't there anymore and Omar Cooper's the future number one. maybe becomes expendable because Cooper's that good. Brandon Iayuk is the comp. Jaylen Wadd is a comp here and Matthew Golden is a comp here. Again, a little bit more of a riskier prospect analytically, but he was a pretty decent prospect. Analytically, he stacks up very close to Brandon Iayuk and Matthew Golden, who people, you know, have been high on at time, one time or another. So, last guy of this year is Denzel Boston, who, like I said, went 39th overall to the Cleveland Browns. Very unfortunate knowing that Casey also went to the Cleveland Browns.

Boston may have a hard time, specifically him, getting on the field right away because I think Cedric Tilman and him play the same role and Cedric Tilman's on the last year of his rookie deal and Cedric Tilman's been pretty good when healthy and Judy is still there as well and we know Harold Fannon can command targets and play receiver as well basically as a big slot. So again, it's a little crowded here, but if we look internally and say, well, damn, the Cleveland Browns actually have some good weapons now. Maybe their team is better. Maybe their offense is better. They drafted offensive line as well to help the offense, too. So maybe Shadur Sanders has a chance. Maybe Deshaawn Watson has a chance. I'm not saying that's likely. What if they stink like they probably will, but year two and beyond, we might get better situation for KC, for Boston and all those involved because they draft a quarterback high. Denzel Boston was a prospect I was a little bit lower on. Admittedly, I think he is a better

number two receiver in the NFL who probably will have sparing fantasy relevance, a guy that can pop off a top 36 season, but probably won't be a top 12 type of wide receiver in fantasy. his comps here. Michael Pitman Jr., Keon Coleman, Courtland Sutton, Trey Harris. I think on the high end you see Pitman and Sutton there. On the low end, you see Coleman and Trey Harris there. God, what a train wreck round two was. Um, wide receiver three upside guys now. Six wide receiver three upside prospects in the model. These guys, it's a pretty big drop off. 18% chance you get a wide receiver one producer. 36% chance 12 plus point per game producer. So, a wide receiver 23 type of guy. and then a wide receiver two or better in dynasty value about one out of every uh four times. So about a quarter of the time you're going to get a guy who peaks as a wide receiver two in dynasty out of this territory. And there's six of them. Elijah Serat is the first of those six. He is uh the number seven receiver

overall in the model. 115th overall draft capital. He was a fourth round pick to the Baltimore Ravens. Brutal news again man. Two good prospects. Jacobe Lane and Elijah Serat who were wide receiver six for me Elijah Serat and wide receiver eight for me Jacobe Lane pre-draft both of them go to the same landing spot a spot in Baltimore that doesn't have a lot of passing volume that has an offense that relies heavily on the ground game with Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry Elijah Surat is an exceptional prospect David Bell Cooper Cup Taiwan Taylor are the comps here but keep in mind that all of those guys went in round three and he went in round four as a you know grade minus draft capital prospect he is a guy that should have gone on probably in the second round. But this Ravens offense also has Zay Flowers who can command targets coming off of a Pro Bowl season. He is due for an extension and maybe if these guys produce, it makes him expendable and they let him walk in free agency. But man, I was so excited for

Jacobe Lane yesterday when he was drafted in the third round and SAT just messed this all up. Now, I will take Sarat over Lane because I did have him higher pre-draft and I do like the fit for the offense. He has never, you know, Lamar has never really had a receiver like this who can get open, who can make contested catches, who can beat zone coverage consistently and win in the red zone. He's used tight ends in that realm. And he's used like a washed up guy like DeAndre Hopkins occasionally that way, but it's usually been guys like Zay Flowers who've been yards after the catch players or who have been tight ends. So, I really really like the fit for Sir Rod. I comped him at times. He reminded me of like Michael Wilson on the lower end of things. But I think on the ceiling end of things, if he can figure things out, he beats zone coverage out of every receiver in this class at the second highest rate. And I do think there is a Keenan Allen, a Chris Godwin, a Aman Ross St. Brown,

Rasheed Rice range of outcomes where SAT becomes that dominant against zone coverage. I'll take both in rookie drafts. Um, SAT's exceptional analytics put him right there. Like I said, between like a Cooper Cup type of prospect and a David Bell type of prospect. Again, very wide gap for what they became in the NFL, but smart, tough, zone beating wide receiver, great hands, great productions all four years of his college career. I will be taking shots on Elijah Serat is my 202 right now in rookie drafts. Jacobe Lane, wide receiver, eight for me in the model, 80th pick in round three to the Baltimore Ravens. Again, I was very excited about him going to Baltimore until they took Serat as well. They needed size. They needed red zone targets. Both he and Serat can do that. He was drafted first of the two, so maybe he has a leg up on um you know, starting for the team. But Sarat is definitely more pro ready than he is. So, I do expect Serat to be better as a rookie, which is why I would prefer

Sirat in a vacuum. And Serat does rank higher in the model as well. So, this is probably going to be a short-term headache. And again, I will take both in rookie drafts at cost, not on the same team. Like I said with KC and Boston, if you draft Serat on one team, I probably wouldn't also draft Lane on that team. If you draft Lane on one team, I probably wouldn't draft Serat on that team. But my portfolio across my dynasty leagues is going to reflect a lot of shares of both of these guys because I do like their film. I did like their profiles. But god, this would have been so much better if Serat went to the Raiders or something and Lane just went to Baltimore and we had these guys not on the same team because I think they do cannibalize each other and make the class worse. Jacobe Lane's comps here, Michael Gallop, Dami Brown, DJ Ch I think are reasonable comps. the absolute ceiling being a guy like Nico Collins and he does actually stack up most likely to Collins of the group that he's

compared to here based on the draft capital and also based on um the analytics traits and film grades combined there. So Jacobe Lane a guy that you guys know I loved pre-draft definitely hurt by the fact that they also take Elijah Serat moving into Chris Bell who was the 94th overall pick to the Miami Dolphins. I have Bell ranked over Lane mainly because he got a wideopen depth chart in Miami. If Lane had gone to the Dolphins and Bell had gone to the Ravens, I would have Lane over Bell. Bell has an uphill battle to develop in the NFL because he's coming off of an ACL tear. He wasn't a dominant producer analytically. He's similar to like a Pat Bryant, a Brian Edwards, a Michael Gallop on an analytic standpoint, and he has traits like those guys, too. But the Dolphins have nobody at receiver. They reached about 120 picks on Caleb Douglas at pick 75. But Bell's definitely the better prospect, the better receiver who went at pick 94. Assuming he makes a full recovery, he could be the Dolphins. Let's say

long-term number two. I think their long-term number one is going to be Jeremiah Smith or somebody in next year's class. But I think Bell can be a long-term number two for them for whoever they have at quarterback. I don't suspect Malik Willis will be the quarterback for very long, but Chris Bell definitely an interesting prospect. Number 10 receiver in the model is Deshun Stribbling. Um the 49ers took Stribbling at 33rd overall, narrowly a firstrounder when the consensus board had him at 102. So big time reach by the 49ers. He's big, he's fast, he's physical, but he doesn't have great hands. His production is lackluster. He never broke 850 or more yards in five NFL or in five collegiate seasons despite playing for three different colleges. So, he was never really that productive anywhere that he went. And he's a raw receiver who's going to need to develop and is going to need to uh need time here. Not to helmet scout, but it does feel like when Jonathan Mingo

went super high in 2023. I liked Stribbling's tape quite a bit more than Jonathan Mingo's, but it's a catastrophically ass pick by the San Francisco 49ers, who could have taken Denzel Boston, who could have taken Elijah Serat, who could have taken any one of these other receivers. So, I'm begging you guys, do not chase the draft capital. Do not do the thing that Lazy Dynasty players do where they go, "Well, he was drafted 33 overall. I'm going to trust the draft capital. He was handpicked by Kyle Shanahan." Kyle Shanahan's last five picks on skill positions have been horrendously bad. Trey Surman, Ty Davis Price, Ricky Pieraw, Danny Gray, like he has not made good skill position players in the uh picks in the first three rounds really since Brandon Iayuk and Debo Samuel in 2019 and 2020. So for me, you took people took Jonathan Mingo trusting the draft capital over Rasheed Rice, over Jaden Reed, over Josh DS, over Sam Laaporta. Those were the next four of

the next six picks off the board after Jonathan Mingo in ADP in 2023. So, you should fade Deshawn Stribbling until about the 2-3 turn. If you want to trust the draft capital at that point in time, be my guest. But Mike Evans is the number one here. George KD is a baller when healthy. We don't know when he's going to be healthy or if he's going to be healthy. Christian McAffrey is going to catch like 80 passes like he always does. And Ricky Pearl is better than Deshawn Stribbling. As much as I'm not super high on Ricky Pieraw either, his comps range from like Jaylen Pulk, Jack B, and Chase Clayool among second round receivers. Again, the best comp there probably being Chase Clayool, but it's not a good situation. It looks quite bleak for Deshawn Stribbling and the pick that they made. Jeremy Bernard, the number 11 receiver prospect in the model here. Pick number 47 to the Pittsburgh Steelers in round two. Yes, DK Metaf and Michael Pitman are already there. Contractually, they might not be there

for long. So, long term, Jeremy Bernard can take some time to develop. People might point to the lack of production for ancillary pass catchers in Pittsburgh last year, but A, that was known terrorist Arthur Smith's offense where he featured a million tight ends. B, Mike McCarthy has a long track record of pass heavy offenses. C, Aaron Rogers likes to throw the ball to win games, assuming he's the quarterback, which I think most people do. And D, the rookie quarterback, Drew, who they took in the third round, has legitimate star upside. You guys know I was very high on Drew. He is my 202 or 2011, sorry, in rookie uh rookie drafts right now. And I can tell you for free that he never had one receiver like Jeremy Bernard, DK Mechaf, or Michael Pitman, let alone three of them. He had Tyler Warren and good running backs, but he never had good receivers at Penn State. And Bernard wasn't a good analytical prospect, but the film and traits grades are solid. Comps to like Rasheed Rice, John Mchy,

Jaylen Pulk, and Chase Clayool aren't ideal, but I do like the the tight range of outcomes that he has. In this class, you're either going one direction or the other. You're either trying not to miss on your rookie picks. Taking Jeremy Bernard's a good example of that. And there's nothing wrong with that. If you need receivers on a competitive team, take a Jeremy Bernard. You probably won't miss on that pick. Or you could go the other direction and swing for the fences on Chris Bell types, Jacobe Lane types. I'm going to mix in all types of strategies this year because having one plan of action is probably foolish when I think this might be the most unpredictable year of rookie drafts yet. Number 12 receiver in the model here is Ted Hurst, wide receiver. Now the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, they take him 84th overall in round three. Great landing spot from my perspective as a Bucks fan. I love his ability to develop in real life because he's not going to be pressured to get on the field right

away. We have good receivers. Acha Ibuka, Chris Godwin, that's our 1A, 1B. Jay Mack, Jaylen McMillan, and TZ Johnson will be factors as well. In theory, all Ted Hurst has to focus on is being a field stretcher right away. He can just be a sacrificial ex- receiver, get downfield, learn the offense, learn how to win at the next level, and be a speed player, and kind of just replace that part of Mike Evans. He's obviously not going to replace all of Mike Evans, but that part was Mike Evans's job was to stretch the field. Long term, I expect things to clear up. And if Ted Hurst can develop by year two, by year three, Godwin's older, he's dealing with injuries. Jaylen McMillan and Ted Johnson are good receivers, but ultimately I think Ted Hurst has a higher ceiling because of his size, because of his speed, because of what it his good tape looked like at Georgia State. Hurst is a patience pick. If you draft him in a rookie draft, say in the mid-second round, take him and by year

two, year three, maybe he produces big, but along the way, hopefully we get some good flashes. A good example of a player who had a career arc like that is Nico Collins. Nico Collins, year one and year two, flashed a little bit, reception, perception, darling. and then by year three he had a top 12 season. So that's something that I would keep in mind with Ted Hurst. His comps range from Michael Gallop which is my favorite comp for him. Tquin Smith, um Cedric Tilman, and Kenny Goliday, which I also think is a pretty good comp for him as well. Again, good real life pick for Tampa Bay. Probably not an exceptional pick for fantasy, but I do um really like Ted Hurst long term if you're in a rebuild or whatever the case is. Now, we're going to speed this up a little bit going through the flexplay caliber guys. There is nine of them in this class. Uh the flex play guys overall you could see this is the order they're ranked in. So Antonio Williams, Zachariah Branch, Burcell, Lance, Fields, Bell, Douglas.

This is part of why this class definitely got worse is guys like Williams, Branch, uh Burcell, and even potentially Fields. Um could have gone in the second round, but instead went like the third and fourth round in some cases. And that's what kind of hurt the class. If we look at the comps for the third round receivers, so these receivers on the screen are only the guys that went in round three. Antonio Williams, you can see like a Leonte Karu, a Deontay Johnson type of comp. I think that makes sense. I think uh Karu is probably the closest one there. Zachariah Branch, you could see again also kind of the same comps like Deontay Johnson types, maybe a Jaylen McMillan or something as a slot receiver. Chris Purcell, I think you can comp him to like a Miles Boyin down at the bottom there because of what he represents from a uh you know long downfield rangy receiver. Malachi Fields like a Jaylen Tolbert there. and then Caleb Douglas kind of like an Ardarius Stewart or whatever. If you look at the landing

spots the capital for each one of these guys, Antonio Williams 71st overall to Washington. Good depth chart, right? Nobody there outside of Terry McLaren. However, I expect Washington to sign one of the former 49ers receivers, Debo Samuel, either ressigning him or bring in Brandon Iayuk, which has been long reported there. So, if you just assume, oh, I'm gonna draft Antonio Williams at 2011 in my rookie draft because he's gonna be Jaden Daniels's long-term number two, I like Antonio Williams. I thought he was a good prospect. But ultimately here, I do think they're going to make more additions after the NFL draft starting April 27th. The players that you sign no longer impact the compensatory pick formula. So guys like Stefon Diggs, guys like Debo Samuel, if he gets cut, guy like Brandon Iayuk, they're going to be available for teams to actually sign. And I do think the Commanders will be in the market for a veteran receiver. Zachariah Branch, 79th overall to the Atlanta Falcons. I

like the fit. He's a good compliment to London. sneaky fan of this one actually because I like Branch is obviously a Mickey Mouse player. He got a lot of screens and that kind of thing, but the quarterback situation does give you a nice discount and they don't really have a number two receiver right now. There was it was pretty much the only addition that they made. Um, so Branch definitely has some opportunity in front of him. Chris Purcell 83rd to the Carolina Panthers. I like the fit for real life. He's a field stretcher for Bryce Young. Legette's probably going to be a rotational guy now. Jaylen Coker and T-Mac obviously the the one and two there at the moment. Um, but Brcell should start. We'll see how much he develops while he's out there, but there is some opportunity. Malachi Fields 74th overall to the New York Giants. Neighbors is the alpha, of course. Mooney is a former 10,00 receiver and likely get paid likely got paid big money at tight end. Better for real life

in my opinion. I don't think Malachi Fields is a great prospect. He kind of turned like a bus. Doesn't really separate. Um, but if you like him, by all means, take him in the third round or whatever. Caleb Douglas was the mega reach to Miami at 75th overall. On the consensus big board, Caleb Douglas was listed. Where was he actually listed? 182nd overall in Miami took him at 75, which I again, why don't you just take Elijah Serat there? That just [ __ ] pisses me off. He's not a very good prospect. 800 plus yards in back-to-back seasons, 37% contested catch rate, 10 drops over the last two years. Again, I'm not sure why they made that selection. Maybe they think the receiver core is fixed now. I Chris Bell, it's good for him because that was, you know, the other receiver addition that they made. Um and then the other flex play caliber prospects that are um listed as uh you know fourth and fifth round picks. We have Bryce Lance and Skyler Bell who went in round four. Bell first

off the board to the Bills. Don't love the fit because DJ Moore plays a role that I think Skyler Bell would be good for in the NFL kind of that Z receiver design touches and then Khil Shakir plays in the slot which I think would be the other role that Skyler Bell would play. So, I'm not really sure where he gets on the field, at least early on in his career. And I don't love how he translates to the NFL because at Yukon, I found that Skyler Bell won with a lot of athleticism, a lot of speed, but not a ton of nuance or a ton of physicality. And I think that's going to be an adjustment for him at the next level. And kind of the same thing for Bryce Lance at NDSU, to be honest. He won with a lot of athleticism, not a lot of nuance as well. Both of these guys are older prospects. Both going in theory to good offenses. The Saints and and Bills respectively are good offenses to go to. But with Tyson and Alve there in New Orleans, I don't know how much Bryce Lance is going to command target-wise.

They also draft drafted Oscar Delp. And then same goes for Skyler Bell. I don't know how much targets are going to be left over for a guy like Skyler Bell if he can't get on the field right away. Um the final group of receivers here, the Waverwire prospects. Again, I'll just speed through. CJ Daniels goes to the Rams in the sixth round. Again, maybe there's some upside. He can be the third receiver there. Kevin Coleman goes to the Miami Dolphins in the sixth round. Uh maybe he could be a starting slot receiver, although I do think Malik Washington's better than him. Reggie Virgil goes to the sixth round of the Arizona Cardinals. Don't really understand the fit there. Um he's a bigger receiver, like six foot two and some change. And they have Michael Wilson and Marvin already. So I I would have gone for a smaller receiver if I were them. And then Josh Cameron to the Jaguars. I think he's just going to be a special teamer to be honest. And now that the draft is over, I did want to

quickly interject with some of these UDFA receivers. Eric Mallister, the TCU wide receiver, is the best UDFA receiver that we've seen since 2016, beating out Jaylen Coker. He's definitely going to be a good taxi squad stash post rookie draft for a lot of people, but he, as of the time I'm recording this, which is Sunday morning, has not been signed yet. So, it looks like there is real smoke to those off the- field concerns that we talked about in the pre-draft process. Jeff Caldwell, you can see kind of comps to like an Allen Lazard, Tyron Montgomery to like a Jacobe Meyers, Chase Roberts to like a Juice Wells, Cameron Dorner, the North Texas receiver to like Jacorei Brooks, Eric Rivers kind of like a Theo whis or a Rock Taylor. So again, these are the UDFAs only going to be taxi squad guys, but I figured I'd mention them in case you were wondering where they went, what teams they went to. I believe Jeff Caldwell did sign with the Kansas City Chiefs as a UDFA. Tyron Montgomery signed with the

Tennessee Titans as a UDFA. Those three guys, Mallister, Caldwell, and Tyron Montgomery, are really the only ones that I'm interested in. But if you like those other guys, just track where they went and so on. This is the full class. As you guys can see it, the classes make up here. We have three wide receiver, one upside prospects, three wide receiver, two upside prospects, six wide receiver, three upside prospects, and then what was it? Nine wide uh flex play caliber prospects there. So, so again, this is a group of receivers that is not as good as it could have been because like I said, we had an opportunity for these guys to go higher, to go to better landing spots, and ultimately we got a poor run out there. This class is comparable to 2021s. Um, I've been saying 2022s for the longest time, but I think we got way better landing spots and way better um opportunity in front of the 2022 class. So, I'm not going to use that comparison anymore. 2021's class obviously had Jamar Chase in it

and nobody's Jamar Chase in this class. But Mai Lemon is the best receiver in this class. And had he gotten top five draft capital, he actually would have had a closer grade to Chase than he would have had to the other guys. The makeup of this class is kind of the same couple of wide receiver, one upside guys and Chase obviously being better than anyone in this class. A few wide receiver, two upside prospects, and then a bunch of depth. But is it good depth? Like obviously we got hits out of Nico Collins and Ammonra St. But then the rest of the depth of this class, Tony, Rondale, Terrace Marshall, 22 Atwell, Tylen Wallace, like none of those guys ended up hitting. So again, I do think this class will materialize in a similar form or facet where we're going to get a couple of really big hits out of the mid rounds. And it's our job to figure out who those hits are going to be. If I had to guess, like I said, I probably would say it's going to be Elijah Serat because of the production

that he put up in college. I could see Chris Bell having a great career. I could see Jacobe Lane having a great career. I could see Ted Hurst having a great career. I like the landing spot and the fit for Jeremy Bernard. Guys that I'm kind of avoiding at cost are going to be Deshawn Stribbling. Don't really love the landing spot there. We'll see how high Cooper and Boston go in rookie drafts. I imagine most people are going to feel lukewarm on them like I do. Um and then Antonio Williams I could see getting pushed up the board just a little bit because of his landing spot. Don't mind Zachariah Branch at cost. I'm not really high on Burcell, Lance, Bell, Fields, or Douglas though. So that is the 2026 wide receivers to target and avoid. Hopefully you guys got some value from this video. Leave a like if you did. Subscribe to the channel if you're new. Like I said, if you want to tinker with the prospect model, that'll be all up to date starting early this week or this weekend. Hopefully, the

prospect model will be updated. The draft guide will be updated. All of that is coming this weekend. So, um, head on over to flockfantasy.com, use the promo code FSE to sign up. Or, like I said, if you just want the draft guide and you want to take advantage of our promo this season to get our reddraft guide for free, our weekly rankings for free, and our dynasty rookie draft guide for free, sign up on underdog. Use the promo code FSE. Play $10 or play at least a play of $5, you get $50 in bonus entries. And like I said, you will get all three of those draft guides. That's a $100 annual site subscription value for just a $10 sign up over on Underdog uh when you use our promo code FSE. Just give us about 24 to 48 hours after you sign up to actually get the Dynasty Rookie Draft Guide because it's undergoing updates. But if you guys are watching this after like April 27th or whatever, you shouldn't have that issue. just if you're watching this April 25th, April 26th, there might be a slight delay on

that. But with that being said, peace out and I'll talk to you soon.
