We got a brand new fourround rookie mockdraft for you guys today. I'm going to be going through and breaking down TJ Randle's seven round NFL mockdraft. All the landing spots, all the draft capital. I'll link the full mock down below. And I'm going to be solo drafting a four round rookie mock draft. We did another version of this video last week where both Danny and I were doing it, but I figured I'd give you guys a little bit more of a compact version in a different mock with different landing spots with different draft capital today. And a quick shout out before we get into it. Right now on flockfantasy.com, Dynasty Wall Street Journal version 4 is now out. 50, count them, 50 prospect breakdown film reviews, 1,000 plus hours of video content. And in the PDF version of the draft guide, of course, you could see the player graphics, you could see the prospect model stuff, the strengths, the weaknesses, the player c uh comparisons, where we have them ranked, what grades we gave them, and so on. And

if you click the actual play button on any given prospect, it will take you directly to the film review version of the prospect model. So definitely check all that stuff out that is live on Flock Fantasy right now. Moving in to the actual mockdraft itself. We are going to move myself around here. We're going to go through this four round NFL mockdraft. TJ Randall broke this one down for us. And you guys should be able to see the first like two or three rounds on the screen right now. I'll move the rounds and the picks around as we go through it. But if you guys are watching on desktop, maybe you could pull up the mock separately and go through it as we go through it. So, it's a rookie draft, which you guys can do on Flock Fantasy. You can go to the rookie draft lobbies right now. Uh we are just going to be doing this one privately, and we're going to be taking the first overall player that will be Jeremiah Love, who in this mock draft was taken by the Tennessee Titans at number four

overall. Excellent landing spot for Love. You get the top five draft capital. You get tethered to a young quarterback who a lot of people are very excited about. Cam Ward comes in. They have Juell Robinson who they add in free agency. The identity of their offense now probably being Jeremiah Love with Tony Pard and Taj Spears backing him up. From Jeremiah's perspective, it's probably not the best landing spot he could go to. Would definitely be better for him if he went to the Washington Commanders, for example, at number seven overall because he would walk right in with Jaden Daniels with a more established offense um to be able to be the lead bellcow there. And I think that Pard and and those guys are a little bit better backfield competition than what they have in Washington. So, moving into the 102. Now, I I picked this mock specifically because there's a lot of challenging landing spots and a lot of conversations to be had. So, the top players in my rankings per the Wall

Street Journal are Mai Lemon, who goes 16th overall to the New York Jets. Not a great landing spot. Number three overall player for me is Carnell Tate, who goes sixth overall to the Cleveland Browns. Also not a good landing spot. Then you have Fernando Mendoza, who goes 101 to the Raiders. Of course, I've talked about how he's more of the 104 for me because I do prefer those wide receivers. But then deeper down the board, you have Jordan Tyson, who goes 26th overall to the Buffalo Bills, who I think is an inferior prospect, but obviously an excellent landing spot for him. And then Omar Cooper Jr., probably not in consideration for me yet here, but also Kansas City Chiefs, 29th overall. So, this would be a crazy crazy conversation point for a lot of Dynasty players if this were to happen because you have the two better prospects, at least in my opinion, Mai Lemon and Carnell Tate going to the inferior landing spots. Now, if you're a Tyson wide receiver one person, this would be

a pretty easy smash pick for you because you just take Tyson here at the 102. So, what I'm going to end up doing, I have Carnell Tate and Mai Lemon very, very closely ranked. I am not going to take Jordan Tyson over these two players. I view them as better prospects at tierhead in my rankings, but I will take Carnell Tate over Mai Lemon even though I do have a slightly higher grade on Lemon because I like the Browns landing spot better than the Jets because the Jets currently have Garrett Wilson. 16th overall draft capital versus sixth overall draft capital at least with Carnell Tate. I feel confident that he will be the number one receiver there going forward. So that'll be a mini tie break that I'm going to end up making. But I'm sure plenty of people would be comfortable taking Jordan Tyson over both of these players. I just personally do not believe in the ability of Jordan Tyson enough. I've talked about it on numerous occasions. I do think that the durability concerns are real. The fact

that he could slide to the 20s means they're real. And also too, I don't like his ability to play through contact. I think he is not quite the physical specimen strengthwise at the catch point that Carnell Tate and Mai Lemon are. And Jordan Tyson has a ton of conversation going on on X. If you guys have been following some of the comments Daniel Jeremiah has made and others indicate that NFL teams kind of feel the same way that I feel about Jordan Tyson. So that is going to be uh something that would definitely be a conversation point for a lot of people. At the 103 I am going to take Mai Lemon even though this is a bad landing spot 16th overall to the New York Jets. They don't currently have a great starting quarterback. Gino Smith slated to be the starter. My thought process here with both of Tate and Lemon is that in year 2027 they would probably be addressing the quarterback position in the NFL draft with an Arch Manning with a Dante Moore with whatever quarterbacks emerge in that class a

Julian Saiyan a Darian Mensah you know there's tons of guys that people are talking about in the 2027 class so Mai Lemon and Carnell Tate they are still going to stay my 102 and 103 but I will say this is the closest I've come to not doing that because the landing spot difference between them and Tyson is definitely Definely very intriguing and that is actually going to be the one change I make here is that I'm going to take Jordan Tyson over Fernando Mendoza. Now it's not cuz I don't like Fernando Mendoza. I think he's an excellent prospect and I do think he is going to be a franchise quarterback for the Raiders. However, Jordan Tyson and the Buffalo Bills offense is an absolutely nutted landing spot for him. My biggest concerns with him are, you know, toughness at the catch point, lack of yards after catchability, and also the durability stuff. But what Jordan Tyson does extremely well are separating at a high level. He beats press coverage. He can beat man coverage. He can beat zone

coverage. He can beat every coverage out there. The one concern I have is his ability to develop into a great player. And I do have some concerns, like I said, at the catch point. Also, I don't think there's like a ton of dog factor in his game right now. But again, 104, I'll take him in the Buffalo Bills landing spot. DJ Moore's there shortterm. Khil Shakir's there probably shortterm as well. Don Concincaid there probably shortterm as well. So Jordan Tyson being the long-term number one wide receiver for Josh Allen. You could argue him as high as 102. I just personally see a talent discrepancy between the refined polish route runner, excellent hands, contested catch player that Tate is and also the slot demon, the PPR machine that I think Mai Lemon can be a Monro St. Brown, Jackson Smith and Jigba is my comp for him. So moving in to the 105, pretty straightforward here. The reason I wouldn't take Fernando Mendoza higher than this is because Fernando Mendoza doesn't really

run the ball at a high level. And that's kind of just the tiebreaker for me. You are looking at Fernando Mendoza the same way in my opinion that you looked at Cam Ward last year, which is he's going to be a quarterback that we feel very good about who right away immediately slots into Bo Nick's Jordan Love caliber dynasty asset. Maybe you get him as high as like a Brock Pury or Trevor Lawrence. I personally like the Raiders landing spot. I like what they've built around Brock Powers, Genty, some of the pieces that they have there. But it is still a offensive line with shaky moving parts. Clint Kubak a first-time head coach. Generally, I feel bullish on the situation, but it might take Fernando Mendoza a year, two years before he's fantasy relevant. And just because he's a quarterback, I'm not going to elevate him to the 102 or something like that because as we're seeing in the dynasty landscape, quarterbacks are not always going to go super high in startups.

Think about two, three years ago when we were taking 10, 12 quarterbacks in the first 20 picks. Now, we're not seeing that as much. We're seeing those top receivers go off the board. We're seeing those top running backs go off the board. And you can get very solid starting quarterback options like a Jordan Love in the fourth round of a startup. So, from startup value perspective, I don't think Fernando Mendoza would be valued over these players. So, those are my top five. Again, the order doesn't really change a ton. I would take the risk on the boomer nature of Jordan Tyson though given the Buffalo Bills landing spot at the 104. Moving in to the 106 here now a decision point for me. Kenyan Sadi is the player I currently have ranked here. 19th overall to the Carolina Panthers is the draft capital he gets. We also have Casey Conpsion who is my 107 right now in terms of my rankings going 21st overall to the Pittsburgh Steelers. Kind of a crowded landing spot for him there.

Michael Pitman and DK Mechaf are currently there. Don't really love that landing spot for KC. What I am going to do here is take Omar Cooper Jr. who went 29th overall to the Kansas City Chiefs in this mock draft. It looks like Rasheed Rice is going to be back for this year. No suspension, all that kind of stuff. But Rasheed Rice is an unrestricted free agent after this season. And this pick signals to me that they don't intend to bring Rasheed Rice back on a long-term contract. Why would you? He's clearly a head case. You just take your last year of production and let him walk in free agency would be my opinion on what they would do. So I take Omar Cooper here uh to probably play the Rashid Rice role long term. Next up here at 107 again, Kenyan Sadi, Carolina Panthers, 19th overall pick. Casey Conpsion, 21st overall pick to the Pittsburgh Steelers. I am actually going to go into the second round where Jadarian Price, the running back for the Seattle Seahawks in this situation, 64th

overall draft capital. And there's a big difference, fellas, between a second round running back and a third round running back. There is. This is hit rate wise. We're talking about guys that typically get on the field right away and have an opportunity for for a starting job. Whereas third round running backs, they have to earn that starting job. Think about Caleb Johnson last year. He was outplayed by Jaylen Warren and Kenny Gainwell. He gets he does not get on the field versus RJ Harvey has an opportunity to get on the field right away and start for his team. Quinnon Judkins has an opportunity to get on the field right away and start for his team. So Jadarian Price, a player that I feel very great about. The cliff notes on him as a player. Yes, he shared a backfield with Jeremiah Love, but Jeremiah Love is the type of running back, the dominant presence that he is, that takes all of the touches away. So, while you don't see it on paper with Jadarian Price as a, you know, locked

and loaded, absolute stud running back prospect, you do see it on the film that he knows how to run the ball, excellent vision, excellent instincts, really good physicality, a good athlete who ran in the four- fours at the combine. And you also see in glimpses in the drills at the combine and when he gets opportunities to catch the ball at Notre Dame that he can be a better receiver in the pros than he was in college. Kind of similar to what Kenneth Walker was, Alvin Chimera was coming out of Tennessee. I do think that Jarian Price and the Seattle Seahawks. It's an absolute dream fit for him. So I'll take him there at 107. Again, coming back to Kenyan Sadik, Casey Conpsion as my highest rated players. Looking into the second round, just to peek at some stuff, some of the other guys that I had ranked around this range, Denzel Boston went 42nd overall to the New Orleans Saints. Elijah Serat goes 90th overall to the Miami Dolphins just in terms of who I had ranked here. And then some of

the other like good landing spots, you see Miami Dolphins take Chris Bell. You also have some other guys there. I just wouldn't take them as high. Jonah Coleman's another guy that I have ranked in this area, but he did fall to day three in this actual mock draft. Ty Simpson, also another consideration for me here. He goes 34th overall to the Cardinals. Think he'd have an opportunity probably to start from day one at a certain point there. But I am going to take Kenyon Sadique going 19th overall to the Carolina Panthers. Sadik is just the type of player that you got to watch a tape on, man, because the numbers don't jump out to you. But when you watch a tape on the player, you see a guy who is a legitimate rockedup athlete who basically is Vernon Davis 2.0 athletically. And when you watch him, he has excellent hands at the catch point, makes some unbelievable contested catches that you will see, and also just moves differently. He moves a lot faster than a lot of tight end prospects that

you're going to scout. And I do think he is worthy of going as high as 106 in this mock draft. But I take him here at 108 because the Carolina Panthers do have some targets there. Tedo McMillan, the reigning offensive player, uh, rookie of the year, and also guys like Jaylen Coker and and their run game. I do think it's a little bit more of a crowded situation than some of the situations he could go to. So that's why I downgrade him a little bit. And then uh 109 here again, Casey Conpsion, 21st overall to the Pittsburgh Steelers. The only other real consideration for me here would be Denzel Boston 42nd to the Saints. And then probably Tai Simpson, Arizona Cardinals as well. I will take Casey Conpsion on at this point even though I don't love the landing spot. Michael Pitman Jr. probably not there long term. DK Metaf also getting a little bit up there in age and he's the type of prospect that his game probably won't age super well. But I do like this for Pittsburgh. I mean, you you fill out

a receiver core that just had DK Mechaf last year, and now you have Pitman and Casey Conpsion. Conpsion could probably play the slot for you a little bit. Pitman could probably play the slot for you a little bit. I really like the fit from a real life NFL perspective, but from a fantasy perspective, we're probably looking more long-term with KC. Every year, seemingly, we get a guy who's a good prospect who goes to be the third receiver in his given situation. Last year, that was Acha Ibuka. Two years ago, that was uh uh Romo Dun. And then three years ago it was Jackson Smith and Jigb, but we typically do see these guys who are all good prospects come in right away and not be tasked with being the number one or the number two. I think that would be the case with Casey Conpsion. Um, moving into the 110 here again, Denzel Boston goes 42nd overall to the Saints. I would love to take Jonah Coleman, but he doesn't get the requisite draft capital that I would want to see. Mike Washington goes to the

Minnesota Vikings at 97. Now, I am a lot lower on Mike Washington, the prospect, so I won't be taking him probably anytime soon. But I think if you were really high on Mike Washington, people would maybe start to consider him here. We also have Eli Stoers go 95th overall to the New England Patriots. I don't think I'm ready to take some of those guys yet. I am going to personally take Denzel Boston here with the uh 10th overall pick going or the 110 going to the New Orleans Saints. Tyler Shuck has a downfield weapon. Chris Olive and him can work in tandem as a good one-two punch there. My one concern really with Denzel Boston honestly is that I just don't see him as a super high ceiling prospect. I think he's more of like a Jaden Higgins caliber wide receiver prospect than he is like a you know people are throwing out like Mike Evans comparisons. I think that like best case scenario Denzel Boston turns into Michael Pitman Jr. or Courtland Sutton or something like that but that would be

a good fit and that would be a good landing spot for him. Um now we get to a part where this class as we've talked about on numerous occasions really starts to blend together. So, you have Tai Simpson going to the Arizona Cardinals. You have Chris Bell going to the Miami Dolphins at 43rd overall. Jeremy Bernard goes to the Falcons. Chris Purcell goes to the 49ers. Ted Hurst goes to the Rams. Antonio Williams goes to the Patriots. That rounds out the second round. And then into the third round, the only considerations for me would be Elijah Serat going to the Dolphins, and uh Jacobe Lane going to the Eagles at the end of the third round, Eli uh Eli Stoers going to the Patriots at the end of the third round as well. I am personally gonna just take the first or the borderline first round quarterback here with Tai Simpson. I do think that given the Arizona Cardinals landing spot, he probably has a chance to start games pretty quickly. And I'll try and speed these picks up as I go through them because we are getting to a

territory now where it's kind of pick your guy season. Um, at the end of the first round, I don't love the guys that got the good capital and the good landing spot. I'm not a huge Chris Bell guy. I think he's a little bit stiff. think he has some work to do as far as a route runner is concerned in the torn ACL really worries me because that's his biggest concern. And then Chris Purcell, I've heard some off the- field stuff. Apparently, he had like an arrest. He didn't show up to court or something. So, I actually dropped my grade pretty dramatically on him because I did I viewed him as a boomer guy to begin with. And if he's going to have off the- field stuff, I don't like boomer guys with off the- field stuff. I basically take them off my board almost entirely at that point in time. I'm going to take Eli Stoers here. He goes 95th overall to the New England Patriots. He is basically one of my highest rated total prospects remaining on the board. So

I'll take Eli Stoers here. He goes to replace Hunter Henry in the long term. I do think this is also like a half tight end premium mock that I'm doing. So um I do think that's a pretty decent option there. U moving into the 2011. I suppose I'll take the risk on Chris Bell. I'm not super super high on the prospect, but I do think uh actually you know what I am going to replace him because the prospect I have ranked higher goes to the same exact situation as Elijah Surat. So, I'm going to take Elijah Surat even though Chris Bell was the one who was drafted first because Elijah Surat for me right now from a talent perspective is my 112. I don't understand why people can sit here and say Elijah Surat does everything you need him to do. He's 6'3", 210 lbs. He ran a 453 at his proday, which checked a major box for me. He's tough. He's physical. He beats zone coverage at the second highest rate in this class according to reception perception. He he

wins contested. He's a smart player. He has a lot of experience and a lot of production. Yet most people have him ranked like wide receiver 11 in this class. Like I don't understand it. He's my wide receiver six in the class. From a talent perspective, I have him over Denzel Boston. I have him over, you know, a lot of the guys in this area, the Chris Bells, the Jacobe Lanes, the Chris Purcels, the Jeremy Bernards of the world. So for me, I think Elijah Surrod is absolutely worth this pick. I will take his teammate right now here in Chris Bell because I do think this Miami Dolphins situation, say what you want about it, there's a lot of targets available. No more Jaylen Wadd and Tyreek Hill. There's guys right now who can step in. and Elijah Serat being the healthier of the two who can get targets right away and earn a valuable role right away. So that is the direction I'm going with there. Moving in to my next pick here, I like Jeremy Bernard on the Falcons, although I I think he's kind of

more of like a single. If you take him in a rookie draft, you feel like you're just trying not to miss with the pick that you make. Then we also have Chris Purcell to the San Francisco 49ers. Again, I he's basically just off my board based on the boomer nature of his profile, plus also the boomer nature of his game and the off the- field stuff. I don't really feel good about him in general across the board. Um, I think this is the area where I would start to consider Mike Washington because the Vikings are a great great landing spot for an oppos for a running back to land in. And uh, I also really like Ted Hurst and Jacobe Lane as well. I'm going to stick to my board and go with the player who I think is the best prospect and that is Jacobe Lane going 98th overall to the Philadelphia Eagles. We don't have any insight in the mock draft if they trade AJ Brown, but I tend to think that they will. So, if they trade AJ Brown post June one, Jacobe Lane gets to walk into the number two receiver role

there behind Devonte Smith. And I just love the player, man. I think he's super underrated. I think he moves very fluidly for a player of his size profile. He's a big guy. He's a long guy. He kind of like I this is a really bullish comparison, but he does remind me a little bit of T. Higgins. So, that is where I'm at with uh with Jacobe Lane. Um moving into my next selection here, I will um I'll take the risk on somebody. I got to make a risky pick here. Jonah Coleman goes um in the fourth round. I would love to take him here. I just think it's probably too early for a fourth round running back. Even though actually, you know what? Screw it. I'm sticking to my board. Chase Brown is absolutely a problem for Jonah Coleman in year one. But Chase Brown was drafted in 2023. That means 23, 24, 25. After this season, he would be an unrestricted free agent. And given this pick and given what I think of Jonah Coleman, the prospect, I do think that he would probably be the long-term

starter there in Cincinnati. And that is an excellent situation to be in. unfortunate for my bags of Chase Brown because I have a ton of shares of the guy. That would be a huge huge uh long-term play for Jonah Coleman. If you were, you know, drafting a rebuild or something, that's kind of the direction that you'd go. Now, I'll take the risk on some of these other guys. I'll take Mike Washington here going 97th overall to the Minnesota Vikings. Vikings have target or rushing attempts available. Aaron Jones is 31 years old. Jordan Mason hasn't really proven that he's much better than a fringe backup running back. So, uh we'll take Mike Washington there. Even though I am worried about the instincts, the vision, some of the issues that I saw from Mike Washington on tape, I get he's big and fast and athletic, I just don't love the profile at this point in time. All right, coming back on the board here with the 206. And again, I probably got to take a risk on

somebody. Um, the ranks that I have at wide receiver have Jeremy Bernard, Chris Purcell, and Ted Hurst all very close. And Antonio Williams as well. I'm going to go with the guy that I think landed in the best spot who also happens to be the highest graded for me. So I will roll with Ted Hurst here. Goes to the Rams. Devonte Adams long in the tooth. You feel like year one is probably a wash for Ted Hurst because Adams and Puka are there. But longterm I think that Adams is the perfect guy for Hurst to learn from. Coming from a small school develops that the thing he needs to do is develop as a route runner. So learning from Adams and Puka would be excellent excellent fit for him and second round draft capital to the Rams feels very very good as well. Um, I will now go with Antonio Williams who athletically people are a little bit, you know, caught in a box with Antonio Williams because he played slot his senior season. But in his junior season, he had half of his snaps on the outside.

He played on the outside and he was actually that was the best season of his career. And despite being a senior, he started all four seasons of his N of his college career. He's still 22 years old. I love the New England Patriots as a landing spot for him because he can be like, picture this. Everyone probably remembers if they're a Patriots fan that they passed on Lad McConi for Jaylen Pulk. Well, athletically, he's very similar to Lad McConi, Antonio Williams. So, for me, reception, perception loves him. I loved his film, especially in 2024. He was really injured in 2025. So, go back and watch some 2024 tape on Antonio Williams. I do think that Lad McConi is truly the upside for him. Now, we're back on the board and I think this is probably the point that I got to take a player that I don't feel as good about. I'll take Jeremy Bernard who I don't think is an excellent excellent prospect, but the Atlanta Falcons top 50 Capital, they don't really have another

receiver there outside of Drake London and outside of Kyle Pittz at tight end. So Jeremy Bernard can be a overthe-middle slot zone beater type of receiver for them. I don't feel great about the ceiling, but I do feel good about the floor with Jeremy Bernard. And now I think it might be time for me to take the player that I don't really want to take, which would be Chris Purcell. um because I look at the board and I don't see a ton of players that I love that get a lot of great draft capital. So, I will take Chris Purcell here going to the 49ers at 58th overall. It's not that I don't think Chris Purcell can hit, it's that I think if he hits, it's Christian Watson. And also Christian Watson, Boomer Bus prospect coming out of school. Chris Purcell playing in that Tennessee offense. Very, very wide openen offense, free releases, doesn't have a lot of experience versus press. didn't wow me with his like hands either given his size and his frame and like I

said apparently there's some off the- field concerns with Chris Purcell. So when I have that many concerns for a player on tape and there's also some off the- field stuff it just makes me worried overall. Um now that is all the second round players so we can move kind of into the third fourth fifth round type of guys. I'm back on the board here. My highest rated player just in terms of my overall grade I believe is Kron Allen who went the fourth round to the Pittsburgh Steelers. I look across the board, I also have Drew Aller very high in my rankings because I do view him as better than Tai Simpson. And the reason for that is because I think if you're going to take a second or a third or a fourth round quarterback, you want him to have the tools to be eventually a top quarterback in the NFL. Unfortunately, here Drew Aller goes in the fifth round, but he did go to the Dolphins, which is a good landing spot for him to get on the field right away. I don't think I can go quite that high

up the board. So, what I'm going to do here is probably just stick to my evaluations and go with Zachariah Branch, who both got the draft capital and got a pretty good landing spot in Dallas there. We don't know what the long-term situation is with George Pickkins. So, right off the bat, I think Zachariah Branch would just be a slot receiver. U short-term kind of uh PPR, maybe he has some value for the Dallas Cowboys, but maybe longterm he can be the number two receiver there if he develops by year two, by year three. Um, moving into my next pick here, uh, I think this is probably the range that I would take a guy like Bryce Lance as well, going to the Las Vegas Raiders. Really good landing spot for him because Bryce Lance is the type of receiver who probably needs over-the- targets to open up the downfield game for him. And you think of how many better over-the- targets are there out there than Brock Bowers. So, I like the landing spot for Bryce Lance. He'd be paired up with

Fernando Mendoza. Mendoza has a pretty good deep ball, so really like that landing spot for him. Um, do we want to dive into these tight ends yet? Um, or these running backs because Kron Allen, EMTT Johnson probably the running backs that I would be considering here given the Jaguars landing spot for EMTT Johnson in the fourth round. Kron going to the Pittsburgh Steelers in the fourth round. Yeah, let's roll with the running backs. Let's go with um Kron is the the running back for sure that I prefer at this point in time. So, I'll roll with Kron Allen here at the 212. Goes to the Pittsburgh Steelers. The Steelers are a pretty crowded backfield right now. I don't think you can count on Caleb Johnson to be anything at this point in time. Rico Dattle on a one-year deal. Jaylen Warren essentially on a one-year deal as well. So maybe Katron Allen can get on the field pretty early and prove himself to be a productive player moving into the third round. And I'll really start to rapid fire these now. Let's go

with uh let's go with EMTT Johnson going to the Jacksonville Jags. I think that he has an opportunity to compete for the starting job with Bashel Tutin right away. I'm not as high on EMTT Johnson, the player, from like a vision and instincts, a contact balance standpoint. But I do like the receiving profile and he could win that part of the job right away in that back field. I'm not really that scared of Chris Rodriguez. I'm not really that scared of Laquin Allen. I do think that Bashel Tutin will be the starting running back here, but EMTT Johnson could work his way into the starting job at some point. We uh we then move on. I'll go with uh I'll take the tight end Max Claire. The Miami Dolphins just like I said have so many targets available and even though they took Chris Bell and Elijah Serat in this mock draft, I think that Max Clair has a nice skill set to be able to uh contribute to this receiving core. Then we will go with Skyler Bell who was taken in the third round to the

Washington Commanders. I'm a little bit lower on the player. I think there's a lot more Skyler Bell truthers out there than I am. I just think that the small school nature of his game is it shows to me. He he he does things at the Yukon level that are not going to translate to the NFL and I think it'll be a steep learning curve for him. So that would be kind of my rationale on taking Skyler Bell a little bit lower. Um other third round players that we have Garrett Nusmeer goes to the Rams in the third round. Sam Roo to the Texans in the third round. Not as high on him. Oscar Delt to the Eagles in the third round. That I really do like. So I'm actually going to take him here. Oscar Delp I have basically like a fringe top 100 grade on. But if he got to go and sit and learn behind Dallas Goddard for one season and then take over as the starting tight end for the Philadelphia Eagles long term, I think that would be a very very fun landing spot for him. So that is the direction I go there. Um,

moving al looking across the board, just players that I have graded highly that didn't really get the draft capital or the landing spot. Drawer, like I said, Miami Dolphins. Uh, Deont Claybornne I really like goes to the Cleveland Browns in the fifth round, but they already have Dylan Samson, so I don't really like that landing spot. Eric Mallister goes to the fifth uh in the fifth round to the Carolina Panthers who I I really like the prospect, but I'm worried about the off the- field concerns. I also kind of liked uh Adam Randall. His Denver Broncos uh landing spot is also quite good. And then Nick Singleton, I think, is a very boom bust player, but he goes to the Saints in the sixth round. Um I'm kind of caught in limbo here. I think I'm going to roll with just trusting my board here and I will go take Drew, who goes to the uh Miami Dolphins in this mock draft. If the number one thing that I could recommend to you guys about the entire Dynasty Wall Street Journal video

draft guide, the thousand plus hours of film breakdowns that we have, go watch the Drewer one. I'm telling you right now, Drew Aller is the type of guy that casual college football fans will go, he sucks, he can't win big games, he turns the ball over in the in the two-minute drill, whatever. When you watch game in, game out, tape to tape, play to play, Drew has it. He has the potential to be one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL. Now, will he actually get there? That's a separate question. But in the third round of a rookie draft, on the off chance that he does get there for the Miami Dolphins, who need a franchise quarterback, I will take the risk on that every single time. Now, I'm hoping he actually goes in the second or the third round of the actual draft, but in the fifth round here, I will take the swing on him. Um, moving into my next pick, uh, looking across the board, I really like Justin Jolie, so that is going to be the direction I go just in terms of my overall grade on him. He is

my tight end three in the class right now. Kansas City is a great landing spot for him. So, even though he goes in the fourth round, it's the top of the fourth round. Travis Kelce isn't going to be there forever. So, I really, really love that landing spot for Jolie. And maybe I would have even taken him a couple picks earlier. Um, what are we looking at here? Denver Broncos take Eli Raridan. I love Eli Raridan as well. He's like a certified my guy in this class. Um, I think I'm just going to keep going with these tight ends. Man, I I really like Eli Raridan as the the prospect. He kind of reminded me a little bit of like a a project Dallas Goddard a little and um he just has a great wingspan, one of the best catch radiuses in the entire class and he tested super well. He was caught behind Mitchell Evans and Michael Mayer at the beginning of his career, but as his career went on, he got more and more productive and I do think he can be a staple tight end for the uh for the

Denver Broncos there. Um Malachi Fields got taken in the third round of the Chicago Bears. I love the Bears as a landing spot, but I don't love Malachi Fields the player. Cole Payton goes to the Jets here. Deon Claybourne, one of my favorite prospects. I'm going to take Eric Mallister actually because Eric Mallister just in my opinion shouldn't be on the board. But fifth round, given the the off the- field concerns, I do understand it. I do like Carolina as a good landing spot for him though because he needs to be in a secondary role where he can be a yards after catch player, where he can be a go up and get it player. and um having uh Tedell McMillan and Kenyan Sadi in this situation do make a lot of sense. I think I'm going to end the slide for Nicholas Singleton. Sixth round is tough. That's a really horrible draft capital projection for him. But the New Orleans Saints Travis ETN effectively two years of guaranteed money. Maybe in the long term they can get uh Nicholas Singleton developed by

year three to take over the starting job. We'll see about that. But it wouldn't be a a great landing spot for him. Like I said, moving in, uh, I'm going to take Deshawn Stribbling because I do really like the the film and the prospect. Uh, five-year player, so you don't love the profile of Deshawn Stribbling, but I do like what he represents as far as, you know, an opposite physical threat alongside Malik Neighbors on the outside in New York there to give Jackson Dart another weapon. Um, I will go back to my board here and I think this is probably where I got to bite the bullet on Malachi Fields. The third round capital is too hard to ignore. As much as I don't like the player, I think the Chicago Bears could use a receiver of this skill set because Odunay more ideally your route runner type and then Luther Burden more your yards after catch type. I think that a go up and get it receiver would make a lot of sense for Caleb Williams. Maybe he pops off an 8 to 10 touchdown

season at some point in his career given the uh the physical nature of his um of his game. I will take Garrett Nusmeer now as well because even though I like Cole Payton a little better, Cole Payton goes fourth round to the Jets. Garrett Nusmeer goes to the Rams landing spot. And the Rams are a very, very good landing spot for any quarterback. They could develop Garrett Nusmeer into hopefully like the next Brock Pury. I wouldn't call him like he's not going to be Matthew Stafford or anything like that, but I do think he has the physical tools to potentially be the next Brock Pery at best case scenario. All right, let's rattle through the fourth round here. And um I mentioned uh where is Adam Randall? Yeah, Adam Randall going to the Denver Broncos in the fifth round. not an exceptional prospect, definitely a developmental guy, but I do with Dobbins on a one-year deal with RJ Harvey kind of not proving himself to be like a full workhorse back, maybe Adam Randall could carve out a receiving role

in this backfield, especially by year two of his career. So, I'll uh I'll roll with um with uh Adam Randall. Moving on to my next pick, I will just take a player I really like in Deon Claybornne because I I don't love the landing spot of the Browns, but I do love the landing sper in Deon Claybourne. think he can be one of the more explosive um you know Dion Lewis types of running backs like I that's the type of back I see him to be. So I don't love the landing spot from that perspective but I do like the player I will take now the last third round player in the draft here with Sam Roo who I do think is a little bit more of like a shorter Dalton. It's ironic that I my comp for him is Daltton Schultz and he goes to the Houston Texans. So that makes a lot of sense there. Uh moving into my next player here that I'm going to be taking. I will roll with uh where is Brennan Thompson? Yeah, I'll take Brennan Thompson fourth round, top of the fourth round to the

Arizona Cardinals. He's a speedster. They could use that skill set in their receiving core. Um what do we want to do next? Let's say Cole Payton now because Cole Payton on the Jets is an interesting fit. Cole Payton a very athletic quarterback, kind of similar to what they just had with Justin Fields in my opinion. Um but a lot of work yet to be done for the small school prospect. Um, next I will be going with Jeff Caldwell, one of the best athletes at the wide receiver position that you'll ever see. Um, he ends up going to the Tennessee Titans in this mock in the fifth round, which I think would be a pretty good landing spot for him because you can actually potentially earn some targets, earn some touches there. Um, are there any running backs that I care about? Um, not really. All these running backs, let's Jam Miller goes to the Washington Commanders in the seventh and they didn't take a running back really at all in this draft. So maybe Jam Miller could turn into a uh decent

backfield contributor for them. Um a prospect who I just don't think should be on the board. I will take Jack Andre for the Buffalo Bills in the seventh round. Now I think Jack Andre has a chance to go in like round two or round three. So I'd be shocked if he went in round seven, but I do like uh I do like the player, so I'll take him there. And then I'll just keep rattling off some players that I think are worth a selection. Um what else do we like here? I like Jamari Taylor, the the film. Uh the Miami Dolphins not really the greatest landing spot, but Devon Chan's a free agent after this season. Maybe they would they would move on from him potentially. So I'll roll with Jamari Taylor who despite running a 466 had a really nice profile of uh touches and production. Um let's take Eli Henrik here, the doit all running back, wide receiver, tight end, fullback, Hback from Navy. He goes to the Raiders. I think that Clint Kubak could actually use him in a very creative way. Maybe I

would probably have taken him a little higher um if I had to do this over again. And then the final two picks here. Let's close it out with Tanner Kosol going to the Dallas Cowboys. They do have um Jake Ferguson and this is seventh round capital, but I actually really liked Kosol's production and his profile, so I'll roll with him there. And then a couple of fourth round guys that I just want to mention as maybe my final pick here. The New Orleans Saints take uh Michael Trigg in the fourth round. Apparently a little bit of attitude and off the- field concerns. I'm probably not going to be drafting a ton of him. Kevin Coleman goes to the Baltimore Ravens, which I actually really like that landing spot. Deion Burks to the Indianapolis Colts in the fourth round. Carson Beck to the Pittsburgh Steelers in the fourth round. Um, I'm going to take one of these receivers, I think, between Burks and Coleman. I like the landing spot a little bit better for Coleman because the Baltimore Ravens could just use a

secondary receiver and I don't really love the target competition there in Indianapolis. Burk's probably more of a slot receiver. They already have Josh down. So, I'll take Kevin Coleman to close out this draft that we are rolling with. So, appreciate you guys for tuning in. That is the end of the draft. Let me move myself out of the way a little bit here. Then you you guys can see it. I'll show the mock draft one more time so you can see the full seven round mockdraft and how we do this four round rookie draft as a result of that. And again, please please check out the Dynasty Wall Street Journal 50 plus prospect profiles, film reviews, breakdowns from Danny and myself. And again, make sure to check out the Wall Street Journal version four live on the site right now. All the prospect breakdowns you guys are going to want to see when you go to uh version three. I'm going to post it literally right after the version four of this video goes live. You could see all the prospect breakdowns, the

strengths, the weaknesses, the traits, how we grade each player, the FSC prospect model, what percentile did they achieve in analytics, in traits, in draft capital, in film grade, etc. You could see that with Mai Lemon. He is basically an ironclad prospect, almost as good as Cid Lamb, quite as good as Jackson Smith and Jigba. So, we have those prospect profiles basically for all of the players. We have them for 50 plus players in the draft guide. Make sure to go ahead and check all of that stuff out. And again, we put out this video to celebrate version four of the draft guide being out. So, check that out down below. flockfantasy.com, promo code FSE. When you sign up, you get a 7-day free trial. You get 30% off, and you get a free live team review if you sign up for an annual [ __ ] subscription. So, check that out. That'll be linked down below. Leave a like if you enjoyed this video. Subscribe to the channel if you're new. But with that being said, peace out and I'll talk to you soon.
