Matt Miller of ESPN has blessed us with a seven round NFL mock draft. And you know what that means? Today we're going to break down this fourround NFL superflex rookie mock halftight end premium based on the seven round mock of Matt Miller, the landing spots, the draft capital. We are going to draft it as if this is what happens in the NFL draft. I believe this is the first time all off season that we've gotten a seven round mock draft. So we get the full practice, the full uh context of where everyone went, what round everyone went. we can have those discussions of, oh, do we take this fifth round running back over this third round receiver and that kind of thing? Because that's what ultimately faces you guys in rookie drafts. So, Danny, I'm fired up for this one. Uh, anything we have to say before the first pick? >> No, you kind of mentioned it though, like the amount of comments we've gotten when we've done three round mock drafts where it's like, oh, where's my insert

favorite prospect here? He didn't get picked in this mock. Well, he didn't go in the mock draft, so we can't select him. When we got the seven rounds, like you said, we can get in the nitty-gritty. can compare maybe the less glamorizing, you know, third round wide receiver that goes versus, like you said, the fifth round Jonah Coleman, spoiler alert, that ends up going in the ESPN mock. >> Yeah, for sure. So, obviously, this is going to be less analysis intensive because we do have a lot more players to talk about. So, I'm going to roll with Jeremiah Love here. He goes fourth overall to the Tennessee Titans. I would say right now this is probably the most likely landing spot for him given that Tennessee is the first opportunity to pick him and also they didn't address the running back position in free agency. Given how much money they had, they definitely could have gone after a Kenneth Walker, somebody like that. I think the Jeremiah Love, this is probably the worst landing spot he can

go to. Actually, I don't know. Do you think this is worse than him going to the Giants? Um, I mean, it's debatable because you're banking on the potential quarterback play of both teams. Obviously, Cam War versus Jackson Dart. Guess really depends what young quarterback you believe in long term. I would say from an offensive standpoint, you probably have a little bit more explosiveness currently on that New York Giants team. But at the same time, you could venture a guess that with Tennessee, man, Tony Pard, he'd probably be on his way out. Taj Spears never really grabbed the full-time role. Whereas with the Giants, at least you have two more capable running backs we've seen operate as a one. So, I think I would prefer the Titans landing spot to the Giants, but I think it's very close. I think the cherry on top though is that they actually steal their former head coach. So, >> yeah. No, for sure. I I think Jeremiah Love for sure would be better on Tennessee now that I think about it

because Scataboo and Tracy I think are good enough to keep him as a 50% snapshare guy, which you just wouldn't do if you take a running back top five. So Jeremiah Love is the 101. That is what I'm rolling with here. What are you thinking here at 102? Of course. Uh if you guys want all of our rookie rankings, you can get them in our draft guide. Uh the version four is dropping, which will have 50 player videos, 50 player uh writeups, and all that good stuff. We're dropping I think in version four we're dropping like a solid 20 to 25 more video film breakdowns. So definitely check that out. That'll be linked down below. What are you thinking here with 102? >> Yeah, and uh I I was actually about to go search the odds because I was going to make the case that the next two players on the board could very well possibly have gone to the two landing spots competing for that first competing for that second overall pick in 2027. It would be between uh Cleveland Browns Carnell Tate and Miami Dolphins Mai

Lemon in this instance. I do prefer Carninal Tate in terms of my overall grade. I think they're very comparable landing spots and I will go with the 106 here with Tate. Like I kind of said though, man, I think both the teams are going to be in the hunt. Whether it's an Arch Manning, whether it's a Dante Moore, they do need that long-term succession plan at quarterback. And I think both are fabulous prospects. Ultimately, they're probably not going to be the highest producers in these given landing spots in this mock in year one. But I do think year two, year three, year four on, you get sustainable quarterback play. Specifically with Carninal take because I'm taking him here. You're getting a bonafideed number one ex wide receiver. Think potential Devonte Adams George Pickkins level upside here. >> Yeah, I think in a vacuum we'd much rather Mai Lemon go to the Rams. Carell take go to the Commanders or something like that where we can feel a lot better

about their year one projection but like you said both with Cleveland with Miami and then also with the Jets who we'll get to in a second also took a receiver in the first round. You're kind of betting on just the prospect that they are the long-term upside. Tate and uh Lemon in this situation who I will be taking at 103 like you said goes to the Miami Dolphins. I would definitely take Tate Lemon over Tate and not just because I have Lemon ranked ahead of Tate currently but also because at least with Miami Malik Willis can you know move the offense a little bit more sustainably at least in my opinion than what Deshawn Watts and Shadur Sanders are capable of doing. Not to mention, Mai Lemon plays like an easier PPR position to acclimate to the NFL. And two, like Carnell Tate has more target competition with Harold Fannon, with Jerry Judy and those type of guys. Whereas Lemon goes in with no Jaylen Wadd, no Tyreek Hill. It's basically just Mai, we'll talk about way more pass

catchers they're going to add in this mock draft, but >> Mai Lemon would be the number one from day one. >> Yeah, and that's fair. Uh, ultimately, the reason why I said that they're both vying for that quarterback, one quarterback to a next year's class, just when you look at the Dolphins roster on paper, I do think that their long-term succession isn't with Willis. And we'll see what ends up happening. The terms of the contract is what's kind of scaring me there. They're almost in inevitably making him the fall guy. Hey, if Miami wins three to four games next year, well, we technically got an out right away on Malik Wilson's contract if we want a quarterback more. That would be my uh trepidation with him. But at the same time, like you said, like there is a better year one situation in Miami and Cleveland. I just think long term they're kind of vying for the same goals. >> Yep. Yeah, for sure. And I mean, I'm assuming you're going to go Fernando

Mendoza with this selection. >> Yep. Fernando Mendoza 101 in the Smok going to the Raiders. We've mentioned the fit multiple times pairing with Kubak with those Las Vegas Raiders. Obviously, you got Tom Brady there, you know, kind of headlining things. And I just think that's a perfect situation for him. You got a veteran, you know, do level quarterback to be able to learn from. Obviously, we know from Mendoza, the main allure of him is, you know, the accuracy in the pocket, the toughness, the ability to make that big play in the big moment, and on top of that, the intangibles he brings to the table. And in fantasy, I think he can give you, you know, top eight to 14 type of yearly production. I don't necessarily see a guy that's going to be a top five yearly quarterback, but at the absolute best case scenario, maybe you're getting a Joe Burrow, a Dak Prescott in terms of the fantasy ceiling. >> Yep. No, for sure. Nothing to disagree with there. I'm on the board at 105. And

the final three first round players that we have here, Jordan Tyson went 16th overall to the New York Jets. Not a great landing spot for him. Again, he could definitely go to a situation that has more targets available. Not a very good team, not a very good quarterback, and they already have Garrett Wilson. Um, you also have Kenyan Sadi going 14th overall to the Baltimore Ravens, which I think is a really nice landing spot for him because year one, Mark Andrew is probably there for another year given the extension that they got him, but Sadique can be eased in a little bit slower. probably play that like Isaiah likely role year one and then maybe year two, year three become like the full-time tight end one of the team and then Omar Cooper goes to the Bills which is obviously a nutted landing spot for him. So what I don't know what do you think what would you do here at 105 because Tyson is our 105 talent-wise but would you still go with him here? So I actually already have Tyson in the same

tier as Sadiq and uh I think he kind of alluded to it. It really reminds me of again obviously at this peak Mark Andrews was better than Cole KT but it does remind me of what the Bears did last year. The Bears people are like well they just signed their long-term tight end and Cole KD he's been a staple he's been a solid guy doesn't matter when you have elite talent there and you have to face you take Coulson level if you're Chicago last year. I do think Sadique could be you know that type of thought process here. Hey Andrews he's given us stability. Obviously he's been a long-term guy in this locker room. We do have respect, but at the same time, he hasn't been the same player these last couple years. You dilute his snaps now. You make him the tight end, too. You know, he's able able to handle himself in line. And now you do have, I would say, a more threatening version of the 12 personnel you're running last year. As much as I like Isaiah likely, you plug Kenyan Sadi in the Isaiah

likely plus role. And I'm going to say plus because we kind of see what Coulson Lovelin evolved into as the year went along. I think it could be a similar process for Sadi. Do I think he's going to go out there week 1, week two, week three, be a 75, 80 plus percent roadshare guy? Probably not. But I do think once, you know, the playoff stretch starts coming, week nine, week 10, week 11, you need to get your best players on the field. And I do think by then you're getting, you know, potentially a top two, three target for one of the best offenses in the league. >> Yeah. And I'm you've you've convinced me. I'm going to go with Kenyan Sadik here because I also think that learning under Andrews for a year, the actual like inline part of playing tight end would also come a lot more naturally if you got a veteran to learn from. So yeah, it's a half tight end premium that we're doing in this mock draft. So yeah, I'll roll with Kenyan Sadique at 105 cuz

even though I do have I don't technically have him and Tyson in the same tier, I just really hate him going to the Jets. Uh Tyson, I don't trust their ability to develop in in my opinion a pretty boomer prospect in Jordan Tyson. So, uh, yeah, I go Kenyan Sadique there. >> Yeah. And, uh, based on my grades, Jordan Tyson's the next available player, 86.5. The reason why it's a conversation for me is Omar Cooper only had a 1.5 grading point uh, lower than where I had Jordan Tyson at 86.5 versus 85.0. But then you also weigh the fact that one's going to the Buffalo Bills and Josh Allen. One's going to the New York Jets here. So, it's very close for me. You could go with the talent play. He could go, you know, the higher floor, you know, quote unquote, because he goes higher in the draft and you're getting, you know, the number two receiver right away. But honestly, we're here for Spice. I'll go with Omar Cooper Jr. here. I do think this is a match made in

heaven. I do think, you know, year one, you could potentially learn from DJ Moore. But DJ Moore is not stopping this guy from being the number one wide receiver for Josh Allen. If he reaches the ceiling, I think he can be. And funny enough, his skill set, man, you get the Brandon Iuk vibes. you're getting the, you know, big physical yards after catch player vibes, but you're also getting a guy that could potentially develop into a three-level threat. And I do think Josh Allen is the type of play extender that can get Omar Cooper, not even just open downfield looks. We're talking about potential uncovered situations where there's no defender within 5 to 10 yards of him. >> Yeah. No, I would have done it, too. So, um, that that's the tough part with Tyson is like, again, do I like Tyson, the prospect? Yes, but only in the right landing spot because I do think he's got a lot of work to do. And I don't think the Jets are that right landing spot. And also, I don't trust them drafting

Tai Simpson with their 33rd pick in this mock draft. And that's their quarterback solution. Now, again, Simpson be pretty well set up with Garrett Wilson, Jordan Tyson. Maybe he develops into what people think he can be. I've heard people say, "Hey, best case scenario, Tai Simpson is Brock Perie." I just don't personally see that. So, um, I don't really I'm not going to take Tyson here either. Um, >> I'm not going to take him here because I got a top 50 draft capital running back going to the Minnesota Vikings. So, I'm going to take Jadarian Price, who went 49th overall to the Minnesota Vikings in this mock draft. Getting real spicy now. The Jordan Tyson haters. Come on, come at us. I know they're coming. This guy's clearly wide receiver one in the class, guys. He went to the Jets in this mock draft. And already, you know, like you said, grade similar to what you had on Omar Cooper, similar to what I had on Omar Cooper. Jadarian Price definitely a

little bit lower of a grade, but it's a scarce running back class. The Vikings are one of the best, if not the best landing spot a running back can land in this draft. and top 50 capital running back versus 16th overall wide receiver to a team that is the Jets and already has Garrett Wilson. I think the upside for Jadarian Price to be a top 10, top 12 dynasty rookie running back after, you know, a nice season of production is higher than the the heights that Jordan Tyson can climb to with the number two receiver on the Jets. >> Yeah, it's definitely spicy, but I don't disagree with you. I really like Jarian Price's film. You're getting top 50 draft capital. He's a guy that we both thought had a similar style to like a JK Dobbins. If you're getting JK Dobbins with the Minnesota Vikings, you can >> Achilles and ACL tears. Well, actually did have an Achilles tear his freshman season, but not nearly as many as JK Dobbins had. >> Yeah, like a top 15 points per game

season after that happened. That guy built different for real. >> Yeah. No, for sure. So, I think you're gonna end the slide here most likely. >> Yeah, I think I got to take Jordan Tyson here. Um, the next closest would be Casey Conpsion, but I just think at that point, similar grades, but you're getting the higher draft capital. And ultimately, as much as I like the Giants in relation to the Jets landing spot, I don't think it's just an otherworldly spot where I can make that type of adjustment. Jordan Tyson, man, there are people that are higher than this channel on him when it comes to the talent because realistically, I don't want to call it a hive mind, but it almost feels like a hive mind. The people that had Jordan Tyson won coming into the season aren't willing to accept the fact that Carninal Tate and Mai Lemon were just simply better. Now, people will point to, well, if you don't have Tyson won, it's clearly because you're weighing the injury concerns. No,

I don't have Jordan Tyson won because I have questions in terms of his competition at that catch point and I have questions in terms of his overall Yak game. Everybody has the same rebuttal for Jordan Tyson. If you don't have him one, and they do. Lmao, did you watch the film? I see that all the time for Tyson. Okay, if you watch the film and you have him at wide receiver one, point to me what he does better than Carninal Tate and Mai Lemon because realistically, man, I see a flashy route runner. He's got the aesthetic to be the number one wide receiver, but there's so many inconsistencies in his game that people simply don't want to acknowledge because honestly, when I look at it, best case scenario, sure he develops into a guy like Stefon Diggs, number one, you know, Z move receiver, can handle himself on the outside. But obviously we know he weighed in 6'9 198 I think he weighed in at the combine adequate size of played on the outside. The con though, hey for every Stefon

Diggs, what about Rashad Baitman? Yeah. No. And um let me give you a list if anybody's really mad about this Jordan Tyson take. Um non early declare first round receivers who had a strength of schedule of less than 15 according to sports uh reference. So we're talking excluding Devonte Smith and Mecha Ibuka guys played huge schools big- time competition Jordan Tyson Cory Davis Cory Coleman Denzel Boston in this class Josh Dawson Jan Dodson Brandon Iayuk Flowers Xavier Legette and Ricky Pierol so we're not talking about an exceptional list here of non-early declare wide receivers who didn't play at these powerhouse programs like the Alabamaas and the Ohio States and the LSUs of the world. So, that kind of is my concern with Jordan Tyson, like you said, the film issues, the catch point stuff, the uh yards after catch stuff, some of the inconsistencies from like I saw like some effort effort toughness kind of issues as well. So, Jordan Tyson, we're a little bit lower on. We weren't trying to make this whole

video a statement about Jordan Tyson, but here we are >> again. These are the conversations that are going to need to be had come rookie drafts. We get bad landing spots and good landing spots for prospects all the time and people are going to have to have those discussions of how far do you move a guy down with a bad landing spot? How far do you move a guy up with a good landing spot and this is in my opinion very productive conversation because ultimately there is going to be a good prospect that everybody likes that gets a bad landing spot. It happens every single year. Think like Zack Charbanet in 2023. You think of uh you know some of the other prospects that we've seen in years past. So um yeah 108 Jordan Tyson I don't disagree. That's probably about where I would rank him as well. Um, I'm on the board next year. Uh, all the first round players are gone, so no first round players. Looking into the second round, we have Denzel Boston going 36th overall to the Raiders. You

know, obviously Mendoza coming in at quarterbacks. A good landing spot for him. Ty Simpson going 33rd to the Jets. He's a quarterback. This is Superflex. Casey Conpsion going 37th to the Giants. Then we have Jeremy Bernard and Stoers. Some guys that wouldn't be quite in consideration for me yet. Mike Washington also goes 64th to the Seahawks, which I think a lot of people would, you know, really elevate him because it's a great landing spot and that kind of thing. >> Obviously, we're a little lower on the talent. So, I'm definitely not going to do that. I am going to go uh and just stick to my talent evaluation here and I'll go with Casey Conpsion going to the Giants here. Him and Boston would be who I would have definitely been between there. So, uh, Casey Conpsion, 37th overall capital, top 40 pick, early declare guy, very productive early on in his career, down sophomore season, but comes out Texas A&M alongside Mario Craver, who's going to be a top receiver

in next year's class. Produces a monster year and goes 37th to the Giants. Has Jack Jackson Dart, Malik Neighbors, no more Wandale there. Like, that's there's a lot of targets to be had outside of Isaiah likely and Malik Neighbors even in that offense, >> man. Uh, let me clarify this by the way. When I say put him in the Wale role, I'm talking about this past season as opposed to two years ago. Let's just clarify that. I do not want Casey Conpsion in the 2024 Wale role. But if it's as an explosive slot wide receiver that can play on the outside, obviously he checked the boxes in terms of his size at the NFL combine and the tape, man. This guy's a three-level contributor. Yeah, sure, there's some things he's got to clean up at the catch point, but you're getting elite yak. You're getting a big time separator down the field, and you're getting a really refined player. So, I do think he's a slam dunk to be a number two wide receiver, especially if he goes 37 to

the Giants because I just think the fit would be, you know, like a glove. >> Yeah. No, exactly. Like KC is kind of like the opposite type of profile that that I just talked about with Tyson because he is an early player. He did produce alongside NFL competition. He was competing for targets with Justin Jolie at NC State and Hollywood Smothers at NC State who was kind of like a hybrid running back receiver and then he goes to&M and he's got Craraver and Ruben Owens and some of the other guys that they had there. So, um, you going to roll with Boston here? or you going to go in a different direction? >> Yeah, I'll keep it short and sweet. Denzel Boston goes to the Las Vegas Raiders. Um, obviously you want to support Fernando Mendoza. You're getting a number one potential outside wide receiver for him. And while I don't think he's a onetoone comparison to either of these players, I do think he can function as a hybrid between what, you know, Fernando Mendoza had at

Indiana, between the Charlie Becker role and the Elijah Serat role. You need a guy that can be your possession guy between the chains. Third and seven can get you that conversion. I think Denzel Boston could be that guy. But if you also just need a guy that, you know, you want to throw the ball down to the boundary 25 yards down the field, have a chance to be able to make that play at the catch point, I also think Denzel Boston's your guy. So, I do think realistically here, 36 overall. Yeah, Brock Bower's going to be the one. Ashton Jets, he's going to get a lot of targets out of the back field. But when you're looking at that overall Raiders wide receiver core, man, Trey Tucker really scaring you. The other options there, I mean, >> the receivers are pretty bad there. I mean, it was so bad they signed Naylor to what, like 15 million per year? 20 million. >> Yeah, it was a lot more money than Jaylen Naylor is worth. Let's just put it that way. >> Yeah. Like I'm c I know it was a

three-year deal. I'm actually curious. Uh contract >> I think it was 3 years 45 mil or something like that or 47 or something like that. >> 3x35 with 23 million guaranteed. >> Wow. Yeah, it's a lot of I mean it's not quite as much as we thought, but still quite a bit more uh than you're thinking there. I I'm looking at the board here and this would be a pretty sizable drop off based on the rest of like the players that I'd be considering next because my favorite prospects that are ranked around Casey Conpsion on Denzel Boston are guys like Jonah Coleman who went the fifth round of this actual draft here and also guys like Elijah Serat who fell to the third round going to the Dolphins where they already took Lemon and they already took Eli Stoers in this mock. They go Lemon Stoers and Serat with their first three picks. Completely re revamped their their pass catching core here. So, this is a challenging decision for me because I'm going, okay, do I want to take prospects

I don't like as much like Tai Simpson going 33rd to the Jets or Mike Washington going 64th to the Seahawks or do I want to kind of trust my evaluation on some of these guys? I'm going to opt for the like safe decision, like the guy that I feel the most comfortable with in this territory. So, I am actually going to take Eli Stoers because this is a um half tight end premium mock. Again, he goes to the Dolphins. Pretty desolate wide receiver core. him, Lemon, and and in the scenario, Sroat as well, would all just come in right away and kind of file in as as the top pass catchers. Um, Willis year one, like we talked about with Lemon. Maybe year two, they have a better quarterback option. Regardless though, the only reason I'm really taking him here is because I think he's one of my favorite prospects going around this range that didn't get absolutely seeded by draft capital and landing spot because I would have loved to just say, "Yeah, Jonah Coleman, next player off the board." But you can't

take a fifth round running back this high. >> Yeah. Um, I'm not going to lie, when I look at this, realistically the difference between pick 11 versus maybe even pick 24 25 right now kind of all blends together cuz you can make the case again like if you're high on stoers 111 is perfectly reasonable. If somebody's lower on him because they're like, "Oh, he's not going to play a lot of the snaps because he can't play in line." They might rank him closer to, you know, the middle of the second. And that's what makes this polarizing. Um the Miami draft in this is super weird because in the write up for Sarat it was like oh you got your slot with Mai Lemon now you get your wide receiver that can play on the outside that beats Press. I'm like I like Sat, but that is not how I would describe him whatsoever. He's not a guy that creates easy separation versus Press. That's what it said in the write up for Miller. >> Okay. Yeah. I mean we're obviously going

to differ on some of these opinions, but yeah, this is like I've said this a couple times I think about this class so far. I think that instead of having the 2011 in this class, it might be better for you to have the 206, 209, and 212. You know what I mean? Like, if you could trade back, get multiple swings in this midsec round, late second round range, it would probably be better for you. And you'll see what I mean in a second. So, let's try and speed this up because we're going a little lengthy here. What do you got with the 112? >> Yeah, simple. Zack Branch goes to the New Orleans Saints 42nd overall draft capital. Creative offensive offensive mind with Kell Moore being there and a quarterback that, you know, really flashed as as a rookie. I do think Tyler Shock proved a lot of us uh doubters wrong. Yes, I would call myself a doubter coming into the season. Really proved me wrong. We'll see if he uh is able to prove you wrong at some point. It may happen, may not. We'll

>> He proved me wrong for what I thought of him before, for sure. >> Um but realistically here, you're getting explosive playmaker. Obviously, we could talk about the usage was kind of gimmicky at Georgia. Like 54% of his production came on screens, but at the same time, if there's an offensive mind that needs a number two wide receiver that I trust here, it's gonna be Kell Moore. So realistically with Branch, talent's not the question. It's the usage and I trust the offensive mind to get him the right usage. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Again, looking around at the board, I see Jets Ty Simpson might be the direction I go just because, you know, almost first round capital for a quarterback who's going to then in the situation have Jordan Tyson and Garrett Wilson and Mason Taylor and Bree Hall and those guys. I think I'm gonna bite the bullet on the fringe first round quarterback here with Tai Simpson. Even though I do actually have Drew Aller, who we'll talk about very

shortly, I'm assuming, um, as my quarterback, too, in the class, but I I do actually I don't mind the landing spot for the Jets, especially after they add Jordan Tyson in the first round. >> Yeah, it's a pretty solid landing spot. You drafted a tight end last year. You obviously just drafted your number two wide receiver Tyson. You now have Garrett Wilson as your one. Like I I think overall, not to mention a very solid offensive line. If there's gonna be a spot that Simpson works out, I actually do think the Jets would be one of them. So, um, like that pick. H, now it's kind of all blending together, man. Like again, some of my more talented uh, you know, prospects that I had kind of slipped in this mock. You mentioned Coleman, you mentioned Serat. Now I'm weighing like, do I get on base here? because there's just a really, you know, sol >> and I think the on base play I think we're both looking at him as Jeremy Bernard going to the Chiefs here, 40th

overall. >> Am I in love with the prospect? No. Do I think though he's going to be like a Romeo Dobs number two, three type of wide receiver, can play on the outside, can give you looks at all three levels, you know, smart with the ball in his hands, attacks at the catch point. It's not the most athletic option, like he's not going to blow you away in the open field, but you just need a guy that convert uh can convert. And to be honest, when I'm looking at this Chiefs receiver core, worthy is already your big play guy. We'll see what ends up happening with Rice long term. Could Jeremy Bernard fill in some of those Rashid Rice looks if they do venture, you know, potentially moving on from him? >> Yeah, he definitely could. I mean, he Rasheed Rice I've seen as a high-end comp for for Jeremy Bernard. People and he's actually in the prospect model, it's his high-end comp as well. So, definitely a guy that I'm not super high on because I do think ultimately he'll

be like, you spend an early second round pick on Jeremy Bernard. At any point in his career, is he going to be worth more than an early second round pick? I don't think so, personally. But he might be, like you said, get on base, hit a single, maybe a double at the best case scenario. Maybe at some point he flashes and because he plays for Kansas City, he's worth a late first round pick or something like that. >> Yeah. I mean, in an ideal world, one of our uh higher graded prospects would have went to, you know, second round better landing. >> Yeah. Sat went 40th overall to the Chiefs. I probably would have taken a lot. >> Yeah. I'm going to take the opposite approach that you're taking here and I'm going to start swinging. Um, so I'm going to go with a team that I I still think um is built the right way and can really really develop the best of this player and on pure grade. Like my highest pure grade players on the board are Jonah Coleman who went in the fifth

round, Elijah Serat who went in the third round of the Dolphins after already taking Stowers and Lemon earlier in the mock. And then right there with them is is uh Geraler. So, I'm taking Drew Aller right now, who goes to the Rams in this mock. You guys might be wondering, "Holy crap, you're this high on Drew Aller?" Hell yeah, man. If you guys don't have the draft guide, go watch the film breakdown because trust me, right now, this is a player you absolutely have to watch the film with because college football fans will be like, "Drew sucks. He's a choke artist. He's terrible." All this kind of stuff. You got to watch the film. You got to understand where what he's doing, what his job is on any given play. Is he getting the the ball in his receivers's hands positioned to make plays? My opinion was most of the time, yeah, he was putting the ball out of harm's way. One of the lowest sack plus turnover worthy play rates that you'll see like

legitimately and he has the rocket arm. He has the athleticism and in this situation like does it get any better than being coached by Shawn McVey and learning other Matthew Stafford for a year or two? >> No, it's definitely one of the higherend situations for him. Going in the second round would be a huge boost to him. Going to the Rams would be a huge boost to him. And yeah, I mean you you do have the tangible traits. I really question though um in terms of the internal clock, in terms of the ability to make decisions. >> I question it too. Someone who's high on aller also. >> Yeah. Like the the mechanics in the pocket really scare me. Ultimately, anytime he really got tested in terms of the best opposition is when you saw a lot of the flaws materialize. Again, like I think it's a valid range for him because realistically, I just mentioned the 111 to the what would that be? The 302 basically blends in for me at this point in this mock. But yeah, if you're

high on Drew Aller, you want to spend an early second. I mean realistically are people criticizing Jaylen Herz people who took him at the two three turn in his draft though like >> no let alone based on his prospect profile he should have gone higher than that and people who were taking Jordan Love pretty high as well with the capital and the landing spot that he got that year as well. So like I I just I feel strongly that his major issue is mechanics and accuracy and if he can clean it up which he literally said at the combine he knows it's his biggest issue and you're going to get a lot of great coaching in the in the Ram system. So I I would be shocked if he wasn't the next Jordan Love based on this landing spot to be honest. And and the next if you gave him exactly Jordan Love's career trajectory, we'd be talking about him as probably a late first round uh pick in this situation. >> Yeah. No, I don't hate it. Um now I'm back on the clock here. I'm looking at a

couple of options. I do really like Ted Hurst. The issue of course here um I mean I'm assuming maybe this means they could move on from a Jordan Addison. they could move on from a Hawinson, but more than likely given the context of Miller making this mock, it's probably to be the wide receiver three there. So, >> it's what he wrote in the write up too. >> So, I'm a little hesitant there. Bryce Lance, they just resigned Rasheed Shahed, so that's not really the most ideal situation. On top of that, they took a similar type of archetype, 63 speed outside wide receiver with Tory Hordon last year. Um, I'm going to link Chris Brazelle. Um, you got your possession guy with Michael Pitman. You do have DK Metaf there. It kind of blends into this area of the board, but realistically, Burcell can, you know, be that big- time ex-wide receiver, can be the number two outside wide receiver. And I do think long term when you're trying to save finances, I don't think

you can keep both Michael Pitman and DK Mechaf on what would that be? Uh $32 million for Metaf and 20 plus million for Pitman is what they're making. >> Yeah. Yeah. You can't financially stomach that for long term. So, I I think that makes sense. I Purcell because of the immediate projection. I think I would have swung a little differently, but I I He would have been my next three or four picks for sure. I'm I'm going to keep swinging. I went aller with that pick. I'm going to keep going for big upside guys, I'll take Chris Bell here, who if he can get right and get healthy, what's up? Sorry. >> Trayon Burks vibes here. >> Yeah, it is a little bit of Trayon Burks vibes, but I do I there's a lot of smart people around the the Cognizanti who are quite high on Chris Bell. So I he's once we get through the class here in the next couple of weeks, our final edition of our draft guide, Chris Bell is one guy that I do want to go back and maybe

watch an additional game on just to make sure that I do have the correct opinion, at least in my view of things on because I do see a lot of people saying that he has a couple of rare qualities that maybe I didn't see. So um him going to the Titans here, Calvin Ridley probably not going to be there long term. Wale who they just signed, but we know Wandale probably operates better as a 1B most likely. So, I mean, if Chris Bell hits his upper range of outcomes, he could end up being a big physical power forward number one receiver, I just I question his ability to do that based on the lateral dynamic athlete agility that we didn't see from him combined with the fact that he's coming off of an ACL tear. >> Yeah. No, I I don't mind that at all. Um, I think realistically, like I said, this kind of blends in this area and I think Chris Belt does, you know, evidently have upside. It's just the question mark, can he fully evolve his game? Can he fully evolve himself as a

technician, be, you know, more more versatile in his usage? Like that's kind of what I want to see from him, but ultimately 6'2 220 athletic player that can contribute after the catch. That's what that's what you're getting here. So, um I'm back on the clock here. A couple options that I'm looking at. And Cory, I've kind of been, you know, playing it safe, getting on base with these last couple of picks at this range, man. Um, I understand that they just signed a big-time free agent to, you know, a healthy chunk of money, but at the same time, I also don't think that means he's going to full-fledged be a bellcow. When I'm looking at it though, Jonah Coleman, it's fifth round to the New Orleans Saints. Welcome back, Mark Ingram. Welcome back, Mark Ingram. That's all I have to say with it. Realistically, you're getting a tough physical between the tackle skill set, a guy that contributed on all three downs. And I do think whether it's after year

one or year two of the ETN contract, Jonah Coleman is talented enough to flat out win this job in my opinion. >> Yeah, this is like doomsday for for Jonah here because Jonah >> not the greatest spot. >> No, definitely. I mean, landing spot wise, it's fine, but the draft capital is definitely doomsday. The fact that they just brought in ETN is definitely doomsday. Like Jonah Coleman from a talent perspective and just pre-draft rankings is my 107. Like I have them way way higher than this. I just I can't pull the trigger if this is going to be the draft capital and landing spot. Even though I hate myself, I'll take this guy right now. If I was faced with the decision, I'm taking 64th overall capital, Mike Washington, over Jonah Coleman in this situation because I just it's running back. Running back's an opportunity based position. I can think that Mike Washington's not that great all I want. I don't think he has good vision. I don't think he has good

instincts. I think he has no idea how to run the football at this point. He's just a big athletic guy who can run very fast in a straight line and not really contribute a whole lot as a receiver. But that being said, the Seattle Seahawks, if they can get the best out of him, it's 64th overall capital for a guy who's big and athletic. >> Yeah, I I just wasn't the biggest fan of Mike Washington. I understand the process probably would lean that way, and I'm sure we'll get a lot of comments dictating that, but this is just my vouch, hey, Jonah Coleman, I don't care if he goes round three. I don't care if he goes round four, round five. He should go higher than round five. But we kind of just did the same thing with Scataboo last year was like, "Oh, Tracy had a productive rookie year and Tracy looks like their long-term running back." And yeah, there's a difference between hitting on an early day three running back like he did in Tracy versus

going out there and signing a guy like Travis ETN. But I also just quite frankly trust in this spot Jonah Coleman to be able to work with Kell Moore, Jonah Coleman to be able to show that physicality, that three down skill set, the production that he's been able to have and ultimately at least carve himself a role in these first couple years. We'll see by year two, by year three if they do view him as their long-term answer at running back, which I do think given the work ethic and given the overall, you know, talent level that he has, he'd be able to work into that type of role. So again, projection, but at the at the same time, you want to argue Coleman should be in the early to mid- third round, I'd hear you out because the capital and the overall team fit wouldn't be the greatest. >> Yeah. And maybe he's like a you trade back from the Mike Washington territory and take Coleman instead. Cuz like if you last year for example if you had the 111 to the 112 and you're like I don't

want to take RJ Harvey this high. I think Scataboo and Tuton are better projections. You could have traded back from 1112 to 204 205 and gotten Scataboo and Totin there right now are basically worth more than than RJ Harvey despite being day three backs. Yeah, learning a lot from uh from Coleman. And again, I I'm not sure the exact financial details with the ETN contract, but I'm assuming it's probably going to be a three-year total with maybe a note after year two is usually >> most likely. Yeah, like I said, this is doomsday for Coleman. Like, if he went to a team like the Texans where it's like, okay, Montgomery is probably there year one, year two, you probably go to Coleman. That would be a much better landing spot than going to to the Saints where ETN truly is probably going to be a starting running back for the next two years at least. So, that's definitely not ideal. But, you're on the board here. uh out after year two. He's technically signed four, but they can

get out two for 24 after the first couple years instead of having to pay him $15 million per year at the 29 and 30 age seasons. So, >> yeah. Yeah. No, this would this would really sink him in my rankings though because you also have you also have Chimera still there and Deon Neil was kind of decent as a rookie as well. It's it's it would be a rough situation if they did that, >> which is fair. again, bet on the talent, but um I am I'm in a pickle because my two highest rated receivers would be Bryce Lance and and Ted Hurst here, but I'm not really fond of the landing spots like just in terms of the overall um situations there. Seattle obviously you have JSN, you have a very similar prospect to try Bryce Lance, like I said, with Tory Horton, uh you resign Rashid Shaheen, like I just don't really see much opportunity for him to realistically make a dent. Um, and then when we talk about with Ted Hurst, like again, maybe they move on from a Jordan Addison. That could be a hypothetical,

but like he kind of said in the outline, they view him as a number three there. Um, I think I'm going to get a little bold here again. Um, this is a guy that I really like this film. I know you did as well. And we got a very, very good landing spot here going uh 111th overall fourth round to the Denver Broncos. I do think Justin Jolly's overall skill set would be a perfect match made in heaven. I do think in a tight end premium this a worthwhile swing in the mid to late second round here. >> You take him over Claire. >> Um see the thing is the Eagles landing spot I like. Yeah, Dallas got us on a one year a one-year deal, but at the same time I'm not really fond of it long term, especially considering that they did take Antonio Williams in this mock as well. So >> yeah, that's true. >> Um they had similar grades for me. Uh I think it was 79 versus a 77. Um I just like the immediate opportunity with Denver. >> Yeah. No, that's fair. Uh, I'm gonna

just trust my board here. And I'm just gonna take Elijah Sroat because I I would take Elijah Sroat at the end of the first round based purely on ability and I'm hoping we get second round capital out of this guy or if he does go in the third round is to a team like, you know, the Patriots or something that can use him right away. And unfortunately with this Dolphins landing spot, they already took Stoers and Lemon in this mock. So that kind of hurts him. It's already not a very good landing spot to begin with. So I have to take Sarra because I'm trusting my board there. But I do think uh it would be a really unfort him and Coleman both just really unfortunate landing spots in Capital. >> Yeah. And you mentioned Claire, I'll go with him here. I was, you know, picking between him and Jolly at the last pick. Kind of like the landing spot better, but at the same time, I mentioned it with Claire, although I'm not, you know, the fondness of the Eagles landing spot

longterm. Dallas Carter was only brought back on a one-year deal. It really sounded like they were about to move on from him. And given the fact they didn't commit many more than one year to him kind of speaks volumes to maybe the fact they're looking for a successor. I really was a fan of Claire's film. I do think the overall short area role that he can provide you. But I also think the verticality is a very underrated part even if we haven't seen it uh this past year at Ohio State. I did really like the Purdue uh usage in relation because realistically when you're at Ohio State and you have Jeremiah Smith and you have Carinal Alate on the outside, you're not going to get the most extensive usage at that tight end spot there. So no defin like the fit 68th overall capital. Who you rolling with next? >> Yeah. So Antonio Williams is one of the only second round players on the board still. Him and Garrett Nusmire went to the Steelers. Only second round picks on

the board. Um I love Antonio Williams the prospect. I think that he definitely belongs to go this high. But like I said in this range of the draft, I'm just going to swing, man. I just I'm just gonna swing because if you have a lot of picks in the late second round, early to mid-3rd, this is the territory where you you are looking ultimately for like the next Bucky Irving, the next Harold Fannon, the next Tucker Craft, the next guy that comes out of the third or fourth round of the rookie draft that just absolutely smashes his ADP, becomes a top 10 tight end, a top 12 quarterback, a top 24 wide receiver or running back. And to me, that guy is Nicholas Singleton. um working under uh David Montgomery for year one would be really great because Dave Montgomery will be 29 years old. He is an exceptionally gifted instinctual running back which is the biggest weakness of Nicholas Singleton. So if you're going to learn from that guy in practice every day I think that he could eventually

take the step to become one of the best running backs in the NFL because ultimately that Nicholas Singleton that was there that freshman season is still in there somewhere. He just needs to find it. he needs to figure out exactly what he's doing and that's hard to do at the NFL level. So, I like the idea of kind of almost red shirting him for a year, getting him involved in the game plan sparingly and then maybe by year two he's the starting running back because Montgomery wore down a little bit or maybe he's lost a step or whatever the case is. So, I I'll take because ultimately the Texans are a great landing spot for a running back for for year two, not for year one because Montgomery's there, but for year two I think whatever running back would go to Houston would actually be in a really good spot there. So, I'll take the upside swing because I think Nick Singleton truly could be a top 12 dynasty running back someday. >> Yeah, I don't mind that take. Um, now,

as we're recording this, the current slated starting quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers is Mason Rudolph. We don't really have a confirmation what's going on with Aaron Rogers. We don't really have a confirmation if you know, uh, like we did in the predictions video, like a Derek Carr coming there out of retirement. >> Yeah. Will Howard they seem to be talking about to some degree as well. >> Yeah. Yeah, and it could it could vent uh it could end up being a Rudolph or a Howard starting, but I do think if they take uh Garrett Nusmeer at 53rd overall after not signing a signing a veteran, it would point to the fact that they maybe view Nuser as a starting quarterback. Now, obviously, we'll see what ends up happening. There's obviously going to be training camp battles. Um just because he was picked in the second doesn't mean a fourth round or fifth round, whatever Will Howard went last year, can't beat him out, but at the same time, if you're

picking at the 212, getting a potential starting quarterback feels like a nice spot here. So again, not the the the highest on Garrett Nusmire. I do think there's definitely warts in the profile, but at the same time, you have to pick Kenny Picket at the 108, the 109. You're getting Garrett Nusmire at the 212 here. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, it makes sense. I'm going to stick to my board again here. And Jacobe Lane goes in the fourth round, but he goes the Patriots. >> I considered him. >> And the Patriots are desperately, in my opinion, in need of some size in their receiving core because their best guys, quote unquote, are more like downfield, smaller dudes like Kyle Williams, like Kahan Booty. So I Jacobe Lane is like my one like my 202 right now in my rankings or my 2011 or something like he's my wide receiver eight in my rankings. So from a pure talent perspective I would take him over Zachariah Branch and Jeremy Bernard who went at the 112 and the 202 with his mock draft. But again I

got to respect the fact that he went the fourth round versus those guys going in the mid early to mid second. So uh Jacobe Lane again the the ultimate fun part about doing mock drafts when we have all the landing spots and draft capital is yes we are going to have to make decisions. Do we want the fourth round Jacobe Lane or the second round Antonio Williams who would have been my pick if I didn't go with Jacobe Lane? Um, you do have to kind of make those distinctions and again it comes down to what you thought of the prospect pre-draft, what you think of the landing spot, what we think of the draft capital. Ultimately, I think that Jacobe Lane is a perfect fit with Drake May. So, that's why I'm rolling with uh with him at the 301. >> Yeah, and I'll go Williams here. Um, again, I expect AJ Brown to be an eagle in day one, which is probably why we both had Antonio Williams falling cuz if Antonio Brown got or Antonio Brown AJ Brown got traded tomorrow, uh, we'd be

having different conversations on this. But at the same time, 64th over or 54th overall draft capital. In my opinion, he was probably, you know, a fringe top 100 level prospect. 2024, much better than his 2025 film. But at the same time, you kind of have to value both of those years because Clemson as a whole really just fell off in 2025. >> Yeah. Um, but at the same time, like I see the vision. Unfortunately, I think it's only going to be an 11 personnel fit initially, but then maybe long term by year two, year three, you're getting a full-time player. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's a tough part with with Antonio Williams is that you don't know if AJ would be there long term. But I think at the worst case scenario, AJ would probably be gone after the season, even if he was there all all of this year. So, uh, yeah, that makes sense. Um, do I want to dip into these third round receivers? We got Bryce Lance going to the Seahawks, Ted Hurst going to the Vikings. I mean, Emtt Johnson's

still on the I'll take Emtt Johnson at this point. I know we're not super super high on Emtt Johnson, but he goes 100th pick overall to the Jaguars. Basically the same exact capital that Toutton got last year. Toutton was the 103rd or 104th pick if I'm not mistaken. I just think Toutton's a better running back. And honestly, I think Chris Rodriguez is a better running back at this point in time. >> Quinn Allen might be. >> Yeah. And like what is what is Emtt Johnson's role on this team? Because he's not like he's in theory the passcatching running back, but I think they like Laquin Allen in that role. And I also think Tutin can do that too. >> Yeah. I was just going to say that too. I don't think they're very different between him and Laquin Allen if I'm going to be perfectly clear. Um, we are not high on Emtt Johnson. Uh, we viewed him more so as um, let's just say a very volatile running back prospect, but at the same time he goes top 100 ambiguous

backfield. I do think that was a good process play. Um, >> I would have taken him over Claire Nusmire and Jolie to be clear if it was just me doing this mock draft. I I definitely would not have taken those tight ends and quarterbacks over in person. But I also >> Yeah, it's tight end premium. Also too, like >> you know, this class is one of those classes where like you like the guy, take him. Like there's no real consensus at the point we're at right now. >> Yeah, take your guys. Um Ted Hurst is one of my guys and I do think I'm going to bite the bullet now. Yeah, unclear overall situation long term or short term, but at the same time, Hawinson not really looking like him his full self. We'll see what happens with Jordan. you know, you get the DUIs, you get the um I don't want to say character question marks, but at this point I feel like it's >> definitely not not character question marks, though. >> But yeah, you know what I mean? Like I

don't want to say it because I don't know this guy personally, but at the same time, we're just hearing too much on the back end. And I do think if you have the long-term potential number two to Justin Jefferson and we'll see if they end up resigning Kyler Murray after a successful season, but I do see a scenario where Minnesota can still be one of the more aligning uh pass catcher landing spots if Kyler Murray does work out there because we do trust Kevin Oonnell. >> Yeah. No, no, for sure. Uh I'm going to again I'm going to stick to my board a little bit here and just take a player that shouldn't be on the board, which is Kron Allen, who I believe is like my 204 or 205 on my board right now. So player I think is much more talented than fifth round draft capital. But going to the Steelers, I think he fits. He kind of got a Steelers mentality to him. No nonsense, very physical. Uh year one would be probably the Rico Dowel and uh and Jaylen Warren show, but Rico's on a

one-year deal. Caleb Johnson appears to be a nothing burger at this point, especially if they make this selection and take another similar type of back to him. Um, Kron's just a good player and uh I want to trust good players at this point in the draft and this is like this year is going to be so so crucial in the third and fourth rounds to just kind of trust your evaluations because there are going to be so many decisions like this where you're like do I take fifth round Kron Allen who I really liked or do I take third round Malachi Fields who I didn't really like. It's like you got to you got to make those distinctions because ultimately it's never going to be easy. It's never going to be clean where all your favorite prospects get day two capital and all your not favorite prospects get day three capital. Ultimately, you are going to have to make at least one to three of these decisions every year. >> Yeah, and that's kind of where I'm at here. Um, I am not a fan of this guy's

film. Let's be perfectly clear. I I think I have him as my wide receiver 16 or 17. But the current wide receiver core of this team outside of their number one is Trayen Burks, Luke McAffrey, Deami Brown, Van Jefferson, and Jacobe Lane. I don't like Malachi Field. >> Jaylen Lane. Jaylen Lane. >> Oh, Jacobe Lane. Jaylen Lane. My apologies. I wish they had Jacobe Lane in this >> Yeah, that would be that would be much better. But I'm looking at that and it's like, yeah, Field's got a skill set. Realistically, Daniels is a type of guy that can stretch the field vertically. You have McLaren as the number one, so less pressure on Fields. And although I have question marks in terms of his ability to run the routes that aren't on a vertical plane, at the same time, there's going to be a lot of vertical plane routes in Washington. >> Oh yeah, there absolutely will be a lot of vertical plane routes in Washington. Um, I'm just scanning the like late

rounds to make sure there's not a prospect that I'm extremely high on that just fell cuz Katron I actually like misplaced him a little bit there and I maybe would have taken him a pick or two higher had I seen him a little sooner. So, a lot of my guys quote unquote that are going later. Like I'm a huge Deon Clayborn fan. I like the Arizona landing spot, but probably a smidge early at this point given some of the the capital of some of the other prospects here. I uh I think I got to go with one of these third round receivers between Lance and and Skyler Bell. I'll take um I'll take Skyler Bell. think there's a little bit sooner that he can get on the field because of odun and burden bel you know he could be the third receiver right away and I also just trust Ben Johnson to scheme it up whereas the Seahawks it's like like you said already Tory Horton's a similar skill set um Cooper Cup is still there obviously JSN offensive player of the year is going to soak up a lot of targets and they did

resign Rasheed Shahid so I think with Lance he's like a 24 25 year old rookie who might not get on the field right away where at least with Bell I think he'd be a number three receiver right away >> yeah no I think that's a reasonable uh direction to go. Um, now I'm between a couple of players. My guy here in terms of the film was Jamari Taylor, but at the same time, uh, Jir Gibbs is just going to stop a lot of the overall value that you can get. Maybe he can play the Montgomery role, but realistically, I don't think you draft a guy like Jamari Taylor to fully play the David Montgomery role. Like, he doesn't have that adequate size. He's more of like an all-around jack of all trades. Like if Gibbs goes down for a couple games, could you use him as your starting running back? >> Yeah. Could could he fill into a top 25 running back role in a four-week stretch type of guy? >> I do think at this point in this draft that's actually a valuable skill set. So

I am going to lean there because he ultimately ended up being pure grade. I believe my RB five or six. Um yeah, pretty simple with Taylor. Does a lot of things well as a physical player is tough. Clearly has the good work ethic. Came in as a zero star recruit. ended up developing throughout his career each and every single season. But at the same time, he doesn't have the standout traits and being 5 foot n 200 lb and running uh I believe it was a 46 at his pro day. >> It's just not going to cut it. Now obviously we do have the outliers. Could he be Kairen Williams? Could he be Justin Foret? Probably wouldn't have happened on Detroit because I mean Jir Gibbs just Jir Gibbs. But if Jir Gibbs were to go down like that is the upside scenario you're hoping for and I do think in the midto back end third of this draft it's a worthwhile dart to be able to throw. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's fair. I'm gonna take Bryce Lance here because ultimately I just think he's one

of the best prospects on the board and even though Seahawks position and landing spots's not excellent. They are still a good team, so who knows? Shahed maybe he's just a special teamer going forward or Cooper Cup gets cut after the season or something. I I think that Lance ultimately belongs to go this high, so I'll take him. >> Yeah. No, that's a good pick here. Um I'm back on the clock and so we could look at some third round prospects. We got guys, you know, like the Burks kind of filling into that Darnell Mooney role. Um, we got the Jean. >> He did sign John Dawson in Atlanta, too. So, I just think he's better version of Deion Burks. >> Yeah, that's a good point. Sam Roo, I know the film community is very high on him because they like his ability in line. He goes to the Patriots. I think that would make sense. Uh, I'm looking down the board as well. Oscar Delp to the Chiefs is that >> that's who I would take. >> Elite athlete, big-time pedigree school

at Georgia, goes in the fourth round to the Chiefs. Travis Kelce, I believe, is on a one-year deal, if I'm not mistaken. >> Effectly a one-year deal. >> Effectively a one year. It might it might look like three on the books, but they got an out after one year because realistically, if he retires after this year, they're not, you know, liable to it. >> Um, yeah, I was very high on Gray. Um, and I do think Oscar Delp could just be what I thought Noah Gray could be >> for sure. Yeah. No, he can be a long-term potential upside guy for them. Maybe he develops, maybe he doesn't. I will take one of my certified my guys of the draft cycle, Deon Claybourne. Ultimately, I like guys who are great receivers who are really fast and really explosive. And we'll see what happens with him. Maybe he's like even if he's just Chase Edmonds, like he goes to the Cardinals, even if he's just Chase Edmonds, there's period of time where Chase Edmonds is a valuable guy and it's

a crowded backfield. They have Algier, they have Connor, they have Benson, but it could clear up in one year's time. And I think Claybourne right away can get on the field as a third down back and a special teamer. And ultimately, they don't really have that skill set. Like Algier, Benson, and Connor are all early down guys. >> Yeah. No, that's definitely fair. you were definitely higher on Claybornne uh than I was when we did our grading. He kind of reminds me more of like a Jaden Blue type, which you know, we saw Jaden Blue get a start at the end of the year last year. We'll see if Deon Claymore can work into a workload. But yeah, this Bucky Irving in this class, like to be perfectly clear, like there probably won't be. There's a 95% chance he's not Bucky Irving. But if there is a Bucky Irving in this class, it is probably Deontan Claybornne. Just to be perfectly clear, I'll take a 5 10% chance that he turns into Bucky Irving from this territory of the draft. It's a 311. Like

how often you hit on the 311? Probably 5% of the time. >> Yeah. And a guy that I like here that could potentially fill in that Rico Dout role goes at 119 to the Panthers with Le'Veon Moss. Again, the reason why I wouldn't take him maybe like higher than here, even though I liked his film a lot, is I still do believe in Jonathan Brooks. They still have Chuba making some money. They drafted ETN last year. This is just a very crowded backfield. But at the same time, I do think Moss, like the skill set that D brought, the physical back between the tackles, the explosive player that can break uh break contact, he is, you know, a really good fit here. And if he can end up vouching for a number two, number three role immediately and potentially work up long term. I do think he's got the capability to be a starting running back in the NFL. So 119 going to Carolina. Again, I like their other options, but there's no guy that I love here. >> Yeah. No, definitely. I think I'm on the

same page there. Um the the Patriots actually took two tight ends in this mock. They took Jack Andre in the fourth round and Sam Roo in the third round. Jack Andrew is a better prospect. So I'm taking Jack Andre over Sam Roo even though it's fourth round Capital versus third. Very similar. The Patriots did this once before I think with Daltton Keane and some other guy. I can't remember who it was. >> Oh my god. Yeah. Keane and the UCLA guy. >> Wasn't Keane the UCLA guy? >> Maybe Keane was a UCLA guy. >> There was two tight ends that they took. I don't remember. And I think one was from like NC State or something like that. I can't remember. Either way, this is this would feel similar to me like, oh, you know, just take the better prospect. Whether it was Craft versus Musgrave or Andrews versus Hurst or, you know, etc. I think Jack Andre is a better prospect. And ultimately, Hunter Henry is like 31 years old, and they probably do need a long-term tight end

option there. And I think Andre is a little bit more well-rounded, whereas Roo is fine from a real life NFL perspective, but I think he's like Tip Ryman. Like, is Tip Ryman affect Trey McBride right now? No, he's a blocking tight end. I think Sam Roo is a blocking tight end, too. I don't care that he's a 10 RAS score or whatever athlete when he's a blocking tight end. He literally has basically no receiving production and all his catches I think if I'm not mistaken I think Sam Roo's ad was like three yards like he basically couldn't run routes. >> Um by the way shout out Devin Aiasi the UCLA tight end there 91st and they also took um they also took Keen at 101. So two third round tight ends neither became relevant. Who would have thought? Yeah, maybe neither of these guys become relevant, but I know I haven't scouted Andre yet. He'll be in the final edition of our draft guide, but I I do know enough about him as a Texas fan to know that he's a decent option who can who

can contribute as a pass catcher. Um, let's speed through this fourth round here. Keep it going. 30 40 seconds per pick. >> Yeah. Um, I didn't like what he looked like at his proday, but I do think this is a decent spot. Oh, I'm not I'm not going to do that. Actually, this is um it's a little tough here. I will go I'll go Brennan Thompson. Uh going to the Cardinals. Not the greatest overall landing spot. Probably going to be a third receiver, but at the same time, he's got speed. He's got a skill set. This is a murky board. This a murky board. And I do think he's one of the more luring names compared to some of the other options available. >> All right, sounds good. I will continue it on here uh with I'll take Stribbling. I'll take Stribbling going to the Rams. Interesting interesting player, really good athlete. Uh he's actually next on my list at wide receiver to watch. So I will uh report back when I know more about him. All I know about him right

now is that he's a good athlete pretty much. So um interesting player in the Rams. I trust the Rams to some degree. So >> what are you thinking with your next pick here? >> I thought about him at my last pick. I'll just do it now. Um Michael Trigg goes 155 to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Obviously didn't have the testing that we wanted to see at his proday. 27 inch vert. Definitely not ideal for a guy that's supposed to be, you know, uh your your your F tight end, your, you know, athletic slot option, but at the same time, I thought he had decent film, and I do think there's an opportunity to be the number two receiving tight end for the Bucks. You resigned Kate Uton. You do have uh what's his name? The backup tight end. Um >> Pay Durham. >> Pay Durham's more of your blocking guy. I do think he could be kind of like your project Isaiah likely is kind of how they would >> I actually just think Devin Culp's a better version of him to be honest who's

more of like the athletic type who actually did test well. So I would [ __ ] hate this pick as a Buccaneers fan. >> Yeah, I I can't say I'm too familiar with Culp in the Buccaneers sense. >> He ran like a 447 at the combine, Devin Culp. Like he's fast and he's an undersized guy just like Trig is. So I I yeah, I personally wouldn't like this pick. I'll uh keep it rolling here. Um, I don't like Deion Burks at all, but at this point in the draft capital, uh, you probably got to take the 79th overall pick to the Falcons. So, uh, I'll roll with Deion Burks. All I know about him really is that people like his ability to separate, and he's really fast. So, I think he's probably a worse version of Jan Dodson, who they just signed, but, uh, maybe he's a better version of Jan Dodson. Who knows? >> Yeah. And, uh, I'll go Seth McGawan here. Uh, seventh round 221 to the Bengals. Kind of feels like the roll on, um, who's the who's the

>> Taj Brooks. >> Taj Brooks, right. It kind of feels like the real roll on that except maybe um like I would say not maybe actually McGowan's just a better athlete than what Brooks was coming out. So we'll see if he can end up sticking there because realistically after Chase Brown they need to just throw darts and hope somebody sticks at RB2 because uh that's been a big weak point of the Bengals. >> Yeah, I'll take FCS Jaylen Herz to back up real Jaylen Herz here. >> I thought about him too. >> Yeah, Cole Payton. Um the accuracy and some of the metrics are actually really eye popping. It's just that he's a one-year starter at North Dakota State, so he's going to need some time. But you and I have both said, "Hey, it wouldn't shock us if Kyler if uh Jaylen Herz the next Kyler Murray." If Cole Payton's showing them a crap ton in practice, who's to say they don't move on from Jaylen Herz the next two years.

>> He could even get Jaylen Herz. >> Yeah, literally. He could literally pull a Jaylen Herz to Jaylen Herz. So, um yeah, I'll go Cole Payton there because I do actually quite like the upside that he has. >> Yeah. And uh I'll keep it very simple here. Talent at this point of the draft. Yeah, there's character concerns here. Yeah, he goes in the seventh round. Yeah, it's probably a crowded receiver core, but this is Eric Mallister here. I don't know if he's in the system. We'll see if he's in the system. >> I hope so. Yeah. >> Oh, he is. Perfect. Yeah, Eric Mallister. >> I kind of forgot about him to be honest. Like, he's inside both He's inside both of our top 24s as a player. as we said when we did his film breakdown. I mean, if he goes in the seventh round, the the terrorism and domestic or not domestic, sorry, um >> the weapons related charge that he has, I think he was on probation for some drug stuff, too.

>> Not a good uh human being by the sounds of it. But if he goes if he gets drafted at all, I would consider that a win because if he and if somehow he went in the third or the fourth round, I'd be all in on the guy. >> Yeah. No, he is um very polarizing, but I do think at this point I he could not play a single game in my dynasty lineup, but I think it'd be a worthwhile swing taking him at the 48 given the talent. >> Yeah. No, no, for sure. Um uh I'll take a really good athlete at the tight end position. I'll take a Notre Dame tight end Eli Raridan who went to the Saints in this mock draft. Um yeah, this is the territory. I will say like this this mock draft or these rookie drafts. When in doubt, taking a tight end probably not the worst idea because there is about eight or nine tight ends who could contribute to fantasy lineups, but I feel like the dynasty community only cares about two of them. So, uh, no one really cares about Max Claire, Justin Jolie, Oscar Delp, Jack Andre, Michael

Trigg, Eli Raridan, and these other guys. Everyone only wants to talk about Sadik and Stoer. So, the fact that you can get some of these guys in the like the mid third, late third, early fourth, late fourth, maybe even undrafted. I think that a guy like Raridan who tested really really well could end up being of value for people, especially when we're talking about probably bad and bad and terrible running backs and wide receivers. >> Yeah, like I'm looking at this board right now and I'm I'm struggling. Like, I don't know. Like, oh, >> I mean, Roo is still a day two player. He's the only one left. >> Could take Roo. Um, thinking about Rouge here. I'm looking at some of the day day three guys, too. Uh, Hidenrike is pretty interesting, but I also just like personally >> I I just like the Rams running back Cor. I'm going to be perfectly honest. Like I was high on Hunter last year and he's like the clear three because Cororum and

Kirin are the clear one two. >> Um, I almost would view him more of like a slot receiver in this spot to be honest than a running back. >> I mean running back. >> Um, you know, let's have some fun. I I'll go with Hideenrike. Whether it's as a receiver, whether it's as a running back, whether it's as a slot gadget player, he's fun and uh there's not many options left that are fun. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Um I'm not going to take Roo because I just don't think he's a passcatching tight end. I would be between. This is my last pick, so I'll just say who I would probably be taking here. Adam Randall for the Dolphins. He's an interesting receiver convert to running back um last year, athletic guy. The guy that I'm going to take probably is the Justice Hill replacement. Uh Desmond Reed to the Baltimore Ravens in the fifth round. Desmond Reed's actually kind of a prospect model standout, so that's why I would consider him. I also

don't mind Jim Miller. I haven't watched his tape or anything, but I know Chris Sims had him in like his top five running backs or something. He goes to this fifth round Dallas Cowboys there. So, I mean, that's not a bad landing spot for him. But, I am ultimately going to take Desmond Reed here because Justice Hill a little older now. And Desmond Reed, like I said, actually quite good in the prospect model and that's with expected UDFA capital. So, if he actually went in the fifth round, we're talking about a guy who's like a flex play caliber prospect who's actually pretty decent. >> Yeah, I thought about Jam Miller, but then I I searched him up on PFF and um >> it's dust. It's dust. >> Yeah, it's it's not ideal. Let's just say that to be perfectly clear. Like you would expect for a bigger running back, he'd have better after contact numbers and uh that just wasn't really the case. >> No, it was not. >> Um

>> yeah, >> I will say Tanner Kos all to the Ravens is interesting. had they not already taken Sadiq earlier in the draft. >> The guy I am actually leaning might be Josh Josh Josh Quavvis here uh going to the Dallas Cowboys. I've already I've mentioned this multiple times. I don't think Jake Ferguson's going to be on the Cowboys long term. I they have an out on his contract after this upcoming year and he just frankly hasn't been the same player these last two years after his MCL sprain. So unfortunate. He was a guy that was a 47 player before the injury. Now he looks like he runs in absolute mud. And I do think Quavvis could be, you know, the upside shot to, you know, potentially work behind him, whether it's him or Scoon Maker. I do think one of those two tight ends could potentially be, you know, going to be the main guy in 12 personnel. But if, you know, Ferguson got hurt, I didn't I don't necessarily think there'd be a huge drop off.

>> Yeah. No, and I actually think one thing that I do like about this class is that I think that priority UDFAs might not be bad. Um, like the there's enough enough guys that I still would feel decent about on the board, like Kevin Coleman goes to the Browns in the fifth round. Adam Randall, like I said, goes to the Dolphins in the fifth round. Um, there's a number like Jam Miller, there's a number of guys that I actually don't mind. If you want to take a shot on the upside of Talon Green as a quarterback, like this would not be a terrible priority UDFA run, but yeah, that's the first seven round rookie mock draft. Ian Cummings from PFN actually dropped one as well. We could maybe do that one next week if anybody is curious. >> Yeah, we could let us know down below. Like, comment, subscribe, all that good stuff. If you guys want our rookie draft guide, the version 4, 50 plus players, broken down, uh, strengths, weaknesses, player comps, everything you guys need

to know, prospect model stuff and film breakdowns for all 50 of those guys. That'll be dropping on April 6, so next Monday, a week from today. Check that out if you guys are interested. Start your free trial using code FSE over on Flock Fantasy. Use our new portfolio tool or trade calculator. Everything you guys can need to dominate your Dynasty rookie drafts. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon. You beat me.
