Here are the running back winners and losers from day one of NFL free agency. First up, we have Kenneth Walker going to the Kansas City Chiefs. A massive three-year, $45 million deal with two of those years pretty much fully guaranteed. Kenneth Walker is a huge winner. Stock up on him. He bumps up a tier in Dynasty running back rankings for me. Going from that Bree Hall, Chase Brown area all the way up to where James Cook, Jonathan Taylor, and Bucky Irving currently reside. Currently, my RB7 in Dynasty. It's a short-term stock up for Zack Charbanet at the moment, but I would expect Seattle to add to the backfield in the coming days of free agency or draft somebody pretty high. Next up, we have Travis ETN going to the New Orleans Saints on a 4-year $52 million deal. It's a stock up to Bashel Tutin with most of the major dominoes falling in free agency at running back. Any additions at this point would be compliments to Tuton, including any drafted running backs. He's a top 20

dynasty running back for me. looks like he's going to have a real shot at starting for the Jacksonville Jaguars. I think it's about a stock neutral on Travis CTN. Long-term stability is nice. An offense that's ascending is nice, but he probably would have been better off in Jacksonville if I had to guess. And Alvin Chimera is still there. The Cardinals signed Tyler Algier to a 2-year 12.25 million deal. I would say it's a stock neutral on Tyler Algier. I'm not as bearish on Algier as other people seem to be because he is the best back in this backfield and he's the healthiest in this backfield. Trey Benson coming off a knee injury, James Connor coming off of an ankle injury, this offense moved the ball very well with Jacobe Brassette last season. So I think if Tyler Algier is the most reliable option here, he can carve out the early down role. Definite stock down to Trey Benson. Last year was his year to prove he was the guy after being selected in the third round in 2024.

He's going to be in a committee. At best, he'll probably be a handcuff to one of these guys who ends up being the starter. And at worst, this ends up being a three-way time share. JK Dobbins back on the Denver Broncos. two years, 20 million with 8 million guaranteed. He was fourth in rush yards over expected last season when healthy. He was the starter. RJ Harvey sees a stock down. It could have been worse because they could have signed somebody bigger. But this proves that they don't view RJ Harvey as the sole guy in this backfield. The Buccaneers signed Kenneth Gainwell to a 2-year $14 million deal. I think it's a stock up for Gainwell. He can carve out a receiving role. Baker Mayfield is definitely a checkown happy quarterback and it's a stock down for Bucky Irving. Again, it could have been worse. They could have signed somebody better than this, but Alier or Gainwell was probably the two guys they were going after. I would argue this is the better outcome because at least Bucky Irving will still

get the early down work and probably the goal line work even though he loses some receiving stuff to Kenneth Gainwell. And the last deal that we have here is Rico Dattle signing to the Pittsburgh Steelers. Stock down on him. He could have signed elsewhere for a better workload on early downs. Stock down on Caleb Johnson. They clearly don't have any faith in him. I would say stock neutral for Jaylen Warren. They could have added somebody different. and Kenneth Gainwell resigning actually would have been worse news in my opinion for for Jaylen Warren's early down role. So those are all the running back signings.
