Today we're breaking down our top five most overrated 2026 NFL draft prospects. Now, it goes without saying that we're going to be a little bit negative here. And uh just keep in mind, we're talking purely on price. These players are overrated because other Dynasty players, other dynasty analysts, maybe the NFL draft community is propping them up to a point that we don't feel comfortable with. So, we're going to kind of take them down a peg just a little bit here and talk about maybe some of the concerns we have and why we think they're overrated. One quick thing before we get into it. We do actually have our prospects page on the Flock Fantasy site loaded with the 2026 players. You can see Mai Lemon there, Carnell Tate there. You can actually go through and tinker around with the prospect model. You can see Jeremiah Love in there among the running backs as well. So, if you guys are interested in using the prospect model for your own time, tinkering around with some of the

metrics, you can see uh in the glossery, it labels all the metrics and you can kind of tinker around with everything there. You can check that out using the link in the description and in the pin comment. But Danny, let's get into the first overrated prospect here. I'll let you kick it off because you do have the highest ranked ADP prospect. So, uh, let's talk about Denzel Boston from Washington. >> Yeah, and let me specify first and foremost. I actually do like Denzel Boston. I think he's very valid in going into that mid to late uh, portion of your first round of your rookie drafts. But he's a guy that I have ranked at 11th overall. The ECR on him on Flock Fantasy as at eight. and he is the 106 in terms of fantasy pros overall ADP. And first and foremost, my tier is actually 6 through 11. He's just at the end of it. The reason why I view Denzel Boston as overrated is just simply based off the fact that he's kind of viewed right now almost like a mini tier,

almost like, you know, a mini portion ahead of Casey Conpsion and Omar Cooper Jr. And I actually had a higher grade on both those two wide receivers. When you combine those two along with the fact that I did really like Jonah Coleman, Engineer Price, both guys I think are going to profile into the top 50 of the NFL draft. Denzel Boston kind of is left as the odd man out there. Don't get me wrong, you know, a Michael Pitman level player, a guy that, you know, is solid at all three levels. I just don't see maybe special that other people do. Yeah, I think my big problem with Denzel Boston and why there's a little bit of a disconnect between what the NFL draft community thinks of him versus what the fantasy and the dynasty, you know, analytic bros think of him. You can see like analytically he's a solid prospect, 79th percentile traits wise, 86th percentile. But like you said, like the Kypers and the DJs of the world are are basically acting like he is like a a 1B to like Jordan Tyson, Mai Lemon, and

Carnell Tate. And part of it is cuz he's 6'4, 210 lbs, has all the size to play at all three levels, has like really really good hands and stuff, which is all good, but like the top end speed, the lack of like I would say route refinement, fluidity in and out of his breaks, and like just the fact that I think he's a kind of jack of all trades, master of none, but because he's 6'4, 210, people automatically assume that you have a super super high ceiling. But what I kind of saw with with Denzel Boston and why I comped him to this player is like Jaden Higgins from last year where it's like was Jaden Higgins going to go to an NFL team and be their number one receiver right away. I didn't think that was likely and he actually went to a very good landing spot because he already has Nico Collins in Houston there to to take away those number one corners and whatnot. So, for me, Boston profiles more like a Jaden Higgins caliber prospect than he does a mini Mike Evans or like some of the comps

that you hear for Denzel Boston to me are just a little bit a little bit hyperbolic because I don't think he's as good of a route runner as some people think he is. And we'll see what happens. Maybe Matt Harmon's going to love him as a route runner and all that kind of stuff. I might adjust his grade, go back and watch a couple games, but for me, I just saw a semi-limited player to the point that he'd probably be like a 20 to 23% target share guy. Yeah, that's kind of where I'm at, too. Um, in terms of his route running, again, I think he's a solid route runner, especially when you combine that with this frame, but also just the core balance at times, especially through his breaks. I noticed if he was kind of pushed off a spot, it really affected him versus you watch a guy like Carnell Tate, the snappiness, the ability to from a fluidity standpoint to get in and out. It's like Cardell Tate's listed at 63 195, but to me when I'm watching him versus Denzel

Boston, I see a big wide receiver who excels as a fluid mover and I see a big wide receiver who is solid, but like Michael Pitman, is he ever going to blow you away in that regard? >> Yeah, like I wrote in my notes here, I have like route polish is something he will have to develop in the NFL. He tends to round off his outbreakers and allow DBs to make up depth and width. Overall, can get pushed off of his spot against press coverage, which is kind of what you said, like the core strength aspect of it. I liked I thought he had underrated yards after catchability for a big wide receiver. I think he can contribute, but the metrics aren't eye popping and some of that was usage related on drags routes and stuff like that. He can get some yak opportunity. Again, solid footwork, solid physicality. His best overall attribute though is, you know, catching the ball. Like he has great hands for sure. And that you you can really never go wrong taking a player who has great hands at the wide receiver position. My major

concern here was like, is this ever going to be a 1,200 yard 10 touchdown player at the NFL level or is he going to be more an 8 to 800 to a,000 yard player, five to eight touchdown type of player? That and that's more number two receiver in my opinion from a rookie draft standpoint. Do I want to take that player at 106? Not really. >> Yeah. And I think the other thing I would disagree on with the consensus is the consensus I think just thinks he's faster than I do. Like I think he's more of like a low to mid45 guy. I've seen some people say like, "Oh yeah, he's going to be like a high 44 guy." I just didn't see that type of speed. I had him listed in terms of my prediction somewhere between like the 454 to 456 range. Again, very solid speed at 64210, but just not an advantage in that regard. >> Yeah, 452 unofficially is what NFL draft buzz has him listed for. So, I'm kind of on the same page as you there. Again, Denzel Boston, both of us have him

ranked. I I have him at 111, you have him at 111 in that tier. He's just kind of towards the end of it because I do believe that Omar Cooper has a high higher ceiling from a fantasy perspective. I do believe that Casey Conpsion has a higher ceiling from a fantasy perspective. I do love those two running backs assuming they get the draft capital and in any kind of tight end premium especially Kenyan Sadique would be a preference of mine over Denzel Boston as well. So moving into the next player that we have here and that's EMTT Johnson, running back of Nebraska. Now this is a guy that um I I would say has like a nice little cult following built up. A lot of people really like Emtt Johnson. if you're in on him, you really really like him. My problem with Emtt Johnson and why I think he's um an overrated prospect for starters is his price. He is projected to go off the board 11th overall on fantasy pro. So a late first round rookie pick and 14th overall in our flock fantasy rankings. You and I both

have him ranked outside of our top 20. Like I am at 22, you have him at I 23, sorry, you have him at 22. And our big kind of issue with him is our NFL team is going to go okay this is a 5'11 200lb running back. We'll see if he's even that big because he might be smaller than that. Um, who has good speed like 452 unofficially is good, but he's not like exceptionally fast. He's a great receiver. He's elusive. He's creative. He's a solid athlete and he has a good production profile specifically this year. Has a nice season um as the lead back there for Nebraska, but he's not going to hold up in pass protection. There was vision, patience, instinct kind of lapses, and you could tell that in four years he only started one of them based on his ability to run between the tackles. contact balance was an issue because he is undersized and then size and strength in general are an issue as well. Does an NFL team look at EMTT Johnson and go, "Yeah, this is

going to be a 250 plus touch, you know, RB1 caliber dude for us or are they going to look at him and go, he can contribute in our backfield. He can be a receiving back for us or he can be a change of pace back for us akin to Jerick McKinnon who was my comp, Duke Johnson who was your comp. Some of the guys in the model are RJ Harvey, Taj Spears, those type of guys. I think that's more the EMTT Johnson territory and he's kind of being propped up as a result of a bad running back class. >> Yeah, that's kind of where I'm at with it, too. Um, I think he could be a contributor in the backfield, but even unlike a guy like Woody Marks, at least with Woody Marks, he had that refined three down skill set where it's like you can trust him in pass, bro. You can trust him out of the back field. It's like EMTT Johnson also struggles in pass bro. So, is he going to earn those third down snaps? And when you are that week finishing through contact, again, we kind of mentioned it when we went

through the film review. It was like a play against Michigan. I outlined the safety had, you know, five. He Emtt Johnson had about five yards of space to diagnose that the safety was coming in to fill the lane and he still ended up getting absolutely rocked on that play. Like an NFL coach is going to watch that, going to see the lack of vision, the lack of overall process with him as a runner and think, "This is not a guy I can trust to handle 15 touches between the tackles. This is probably gota gonna be a guy I pigeon hole into maybe eight touches and five to six type of targets in a game. Again, in fantasy that'll play, but not if you're drafting that profile in the early to mid portion of the second round. >> Well, yeah. And and if he gets the draft capital, I'll be more in, but I suspect that NFL teams will feel very similar to us because they're going to look at those things, the film, the vision, that kind of stuff. People in the fantasy community are looking at the fact that

he had like two seasons of 40 plus targets and going, "This is a PPR RB1." And it's like, yeah, he has a receiving skill set, but he's not Bucky Irving. He's not James Cook. And I've seen both of those two comps floated out for EMTT Johnson. And he just doesn't have the contact balance that either of those two guys have. He doesn't have the explosiveness specifically that James Cook does. But even Bucky Irving, even though he ran in the low fours, he was faster on tape than what he actually tested at. And I just don't think Emtt Johnson has the refined footwork of either of those players either because Emtt Johnson's elusive and he looks like he's making people miss all the time. But he's also like juking air half the time and kind of like the Jerry Judy of running backs where it's like you watch one rep of Jerry Judy running a route and it looks like he's the best route runner of all time, but he's wasting a lot of movement. He's not as like you

watch him run a route versus Dvonte Adams run a route and it's like a night and day difference. >> Yeah. And like cuz again Devonte Adams the definition of efficiency whereas Jerry Judy is the definition of aesthetic. Like there is a big- time difference there. It's like there'll be some guys you know you're scrolling on Instagram reels you'll see posts from like footwork king. They're doing the ladder drills. They're like snapping the turf is flying all over the place. Like I I I imagine back to that video I imagine back to the video of like Isaiah Pacheco coming into the year where he was just snapping back and forth and everybody's like what the [ __ ] is he doing? Like that's what I think of with EMTT Johnson where it's like aesthetically it looks pleasing with Jerry Judy his routes aesthetically they look pleasing but then you get the report back from Matt Harmon. He's like a 62nd percentile separator against man. You know what I mean?

>> Yeah. No, exactly. I feel like the EMTT Johnson is a highlight tape king. If you watch his highlight tape, you're probably going to really like him. But if you diagnose the film and watch them all 22 on them and you could see like how many games did we have to go through? USC, Michigan, UCLA, Iowa, Penn State. And again, this is also a senior who wasn't really good until this year. He's going to be 23 years old and he should be a little bit further along than he is because >> D leaving >> Dante Da started over him last year and you guys probably don't even know who Dante Dowel is. Like he's in this class but he's probably going to go undrafted or in the seventh round. So the fact that he wasn't good enough to start over Dante Dao last year when he was a significant contributor as a receiver that that's kind of a problem in my opinion. It shows why he isn't really the most you know second third round caliber uh NFL draft pick type of

running back that we've talked I think he's going to be more fourth or fifth round pick and then the market's going to catch up to where we are. >> And again, that would be fine if we were talking about this guy as like, oh yeah, he's in like the RB 5 to8 range. It's like at that point, okay, sure, fair enough. Receiving profile, we like that in PPR, but it almost feels like people are treating him on the level of like Jadarian Price and Jonah Coleman in the dynasty market because he handled 250 carries and 40 plus receptions. Like I feel like that's all people have looked at. Like I'm convinced a lot to handle that much volume, but he isn't like when you watch the tape and look at the profile of the two players, like he he's a much like Coleman has a much better profile and Price's tape is so much better. So there's a difference between those guys. Let's talk about another kind of tape guy. Now, the the fantasy and dynasty community, I would say, is

not overrating this person because he is, you know, generally not considered to be a super super high-end prospect, but the NFL draft community has an absolute hard on for Malachi Fields. Daniel Jeremiah today mocked him in the first round. Not the first time I've seen Malachi Fields go in the first round either. I believe Matt Miller mocked him in the first round last week as well. Um Senior Bowl stand out big physical, >> but that's kind of where the the the strengths end. Like he's got size, strength, physicality, and great hands and downfield traits, but like weakness number one is exactly why I don't think he'll be like a super high-end fantasy wide receiver. Turns like a bust. Like his cuts are just so so slow. Also on on the card, it should say uh number three or four X wide receiver uh for projected NFL role. So that's one thing we'll have to we'll have to clear up. But I agree overall like this guy only operates on a vertical plane. And I think that's the

one thing that we have to recognize is like yeah, he could be an outside wide receiver. He could be a physical mismatch at the catch point. That's all he's really going to provide you because like you said, the routes are just simply not there. This guy does not make people miss after the catch. He's got average to below average speed. 24th overall to the Buffalo Bills. I'm trying to wrap my head around what what Jeremiah is seeing with this guy. >> Yeah. Again, I I I like that he performed well at the Senior Bowl. I like that he's, you know, taking steps in his development, but like he wasn't very productive for a 5-year college career. Not at Virginia, not really at Notre Dame either. Like he had some production, but his analytics grades in the 35th percentile. and his film like what we saw a lot of really diagnosible flaws like the low separation percentage the fact that he can't really do much as a Yak player and you know kind of just the inability to separate except for on

like goes and posts and stuff like that and again there's only one DK Mechaf like everybody can't be DK Mechaf where all they can do is separate on a vertical plane and they turn into DK Mechaf like first of all metaf's a way better athlete in Malachi >> fields to.3 difference in their 40 yard dash times >> exactly and second of all Even DK Mechaf was a major risk um as far as him developing into what he's become now. >> And that was with him being like 220 lbs running a 433. Like Malachi Fields could weigh 220 lbs. Him crossing 46 I think would be a win. Realistically to me this is a 462 to 464 type of receiver to be honest. >> I think he's a little faster than that. He's projected to run a 45 which I would be really at. I would say like probably 455 to 45 460 is probably where I think he'll run. Um, generally speaking though, this again, we're talking to the NFL draft community when we say this guy's overrated. The dynasty community,

I think, understands that he's more of like a late second round, early third round rookie pick. Um, but the NFL draft community will impact the dynasty community because if he goes in the first round or if he goes in the early second round of the NFL draft, people are going to go, "Well, I got to respect the draft capital. I'm going to take him at 203 here. I'm going to take him at 202 here." And I just like both of us saw him as more of like a like a fourth round talent like as far as a guy that can contribute as like a Cedric Tilman or a M. Hollands were the two comps that we had. You could see Tquin Smith is another kind of floor comp for him there. Chase Clayool. Again, Clayool a much better athlete, but generally kind of the same skill set. >> Yeah. Like I'm trying to think from past years like the level of buzz that this guy is getting versus the type of prospect that I think he is because I haven't like >> kind of Jonathan Mingoy a little bit.

Yeah, Mingo was a better athlete and way better after the catch. That was the thing. Like I'm trying to I'm trying to think like who realistically like last year was there anybody in particular that was, you know, kind of panning out there? Cuz >> I'm sure you could find a big receiver who went in like round two who was like not that good but they got drafted because they were big. >> Cuz like I preferred like Trey Harris last year for example over him. I preferred like >> I preferred like um >> I mean maybe he's kind of like um uh like JJ Arthega Whiteside a little bit uh where he's like a big receiver who has size and people are excited about that. Again, there's not many ex receivers in the NFL who can win on the outside against press coverage. They have the strength to do it and stuff. And I actually do think there's some upside in that regard for Malachi Fields. It's just the the thing I worry about is like, okay, he's going to be a

team's number two or number three X receiver. Is he ever going to have 100 targets in an NFL season? Is he ever going to be more than a top 36 fantasy wide receiver or like a guy that's routinely like up and you know in and out of the waiverwire articles and stuff like like that's kind of what I see with Malachi Fields. I don't see a guy where like locked and loaded top 36 wide receiver, top 24 wide receiver on a fantasy perspective. >> Pat Bryanty. >> Pat Bryant's not bad. Yeah, that's not a bad >> Pat Bryant. Yeah. And and I actually had a higher grade on Bryant than I did Field. So, uh take that for what you guys will if this guy goes 24 overall in the actual draft. >> Yeah. s I mean so far the theme of these receivers and we'll talk about another one in a second who's who's got size like people get obsessed with size a little bit sometimes and sometimes size isn't everything at the wide receiver position. So, um, let's talk about

another receiver here in Chris Bell, who, full disclosure, I would like Chris Bell a lot more if he didn't tear his ACL at the end of November because my biggest concern with Chris Bell is actually the same concern we had with Malachi Fields, which is that the nuance, the sharpness, the dynamic footwork, he's not really there. He has like a 6 foot uh, you know, 220 lb rocked up kind of frame to him. 6'2 actually and he's got good releases, speed, athleticism for days, toughness, solid hands. The problem for me is like again >> he's not Debo Samuel. He's not Chris Godwin. He's not DK Metaf as far as like what he can do dynamically in space. He's more of like a vertical athlete. I think he's more Jonathan Mingo than than Malachi Fields as far as like what I liked about him on tape, the strengths and whatnot. So Chris Bell again, if he wasn't he didn't tear his ACL, I would be curious to see what is there what are his agility drills, what are his

explosiveness drills, how does he look, you know, running routes and that kind of thing because I just don't think he's there as a route runner and I worry that after an ACL tear he might have lost even the already limited agility he might have had. >> Yeah, that's kind of where I'm at too. Um I technically speaking like in terms of my overall ranking actually have have them in line with where the consensus is. like I have them in that range, but it honestly more so is just a testament to how bad the second round on is at this point. Like the cluster between 13 through 25 in my opinion. Pick your guys like pick your guys seriously. And Chris Bell again, a lot of concern what's going to happen in terms of the pre-draft cycle. Obviously, he can't wow teams with the ACL now. Is he going to get the draft capital that maybe he's expected? Is he going to fall a little bit because TMC a raw player that relied upon athleticism that might be operating at 80% of his athleticism

in year one? >> Yeah, like I mean I have Zachariah Branch, Katron Allen, and Jacobe Lane as my 2011, 202, and 203 in this class. And I think in most years they'd be like 206 to 209 in most classes. So that's kind of like where this class falls short. And again, I don't blame people for say swinging on upside on guys like Malachi Fields who have size, guys like Chris Bell who have size in that part of the draft when it's not a very talented class. But I just think that 16th overall where he's currently going, 15th overall in terms of his fantasy pros ADP. That's just a little rich for me because of the ACL stuff. If if he didn't have the ACL stuff, I would be there. I just worry that this is a player who's going to have 200 receiving yards his rookie season because he doesn't get on the field or he's on the pup list to start the season or he doesn't look the same. And we know the dynasty market doesn't like when rookies don't have good rookie seasons. And I'm

worried with the whole like Jonathan Brooks uh stuff just recently happening where like people were totally willing to buy into Jonathan Brooks, no question asked. And then obviously he retore his ACL and things would be different if he didn't. But he took six, eight weeks before he ever got ever got back on the field and still wasn't 100% and you know his career his career is different because of it. So, I worry that Chris Bell won't be able to work on the things he needs to work on because of the injury. >> Yeah. And uh full transparency, by the way, in terms of my thoughts of this range of receiver, the difference between my wide receiver eight and my wide receiver 13, I believe, right now is uh 78 in grade versus 76 in grade. Like this, >> this is this is my guy territory. Like when you when you talk about this tier of receiver, you're looking at Chris Purcell, Zachariah Branch, Jacobe Lane, >> Malachi Fields, Jeremy Bernard, Chris Bell. Everyone's going to have their

favorites. My favorites are Zachariah Branch, Jacobe Lane, and I guess Chris Purcell is probably the next one that I would say there. Um, but everyone's certain people are going to be super high on certain players. Chris Bell is just not one of the guys that I'm super high on because of the injury. And I would be a lot higher if I got to see him test and he had a full training camp and a full draft process to work on some of his footwork. But I worry that because of the injury, he's going to be behind the eightball and he already isn't a great route runner at this point. >> Yeah, in full transparency, uh, Malachi Fields ranks behind all of the guys that I just mentioned. And, uh, he was the lowest graded wide receiver uh, amongst the guys that I watched by five and a half grading points. >> Yeah. Yeah. And he's definitely one of the lowest graded receivers that I've graded that could go in the first round as far as like the like even like Ricky Pieraw and Xavier Legette.

>> Yeah, like Ricky Pier, Xavier Legette types were like lowgraded wide receivers relatively that went in the first round surprisingly, but even Ricky Pieraw I had a higher grade on than um than Malachi Fields here. So let's talk about the final guy. Now obviously this would depend on the draft capital he gets because this position is totally draft capital driven. But Tai Simpson, as far as what the NFL draft community thinks of him, they view this guy as somebody who could go 21 to Pittsburgh, 29 to Los Angeles, like one of these teams that could use a quarterback near the end of the first round, could take Tai Simpson. And for me, I saw a quarterback who while in the pocket and in in a clean pocket, was a natural throw of the ball, had a good deep ball, was an accurate passer, good mobility, got through his progressions, and could throw on the run. But when things broke down, his pocket presence went out the window. Had he doesn't really have the size or the durability that you look for. He's been

a starter for one year and in that one year, he got injured towards the end of it. Not a very good anticipation thrower. He waits for things to get open before he actually unccorks it. And I did think his in his inaccuracy showed outside the numbers and when he had pressure. So Tai Simpson to me, if he goes in the first round, will be somebody that Dynasty Superflex rookie drafters are going to take somewhere between like 108 and 112. and I just am not gonna take him because I just would rather trade that pick for Bryce Young or Cam Ward or Dak Prescott or whoever I can get with it. >> Yeah, very easily. Um I don't understand the first round buzz and and I kind of mentioned it when we did the film review, but I'm like this guy was being talked about. It's like, oh, you know, he's like a trendy day two pick, top 50ish type of player. I'll be like, okay, I can I can kind of see the vision there. He's got some things you like when he's kept clean. Um he makes good

decisions. He's able to layer the ball at all at all three levels. Especially attacking zone in the intermediate. I thought he was very strong attacking outside the numbers on his deep passes. I thought he was strong in terms of being able to really pinpoint the ball down the field. It's just my issue is as soon as pressure came. Almost like his process completely went out the window. >> Yeah. He also has good receivers, too. Ryan Williams would be a top 50 pick probably in next year's class, assuming he comes out. Jeremy Bernard is expected to go in the top 50 to 75 of this class as well. Um, it's not like Tai Simpson didn't have anybody to throw to. And again, the biggest red flags, if you look at the quarterbacks who have missed over the last 10 years, guys who are one-year starters, guys who don't really have the size, have durability question marks. That's like the holy grail cocktail of bad quarterback prospects. So, I don't want to mess with a guy like

this, especially when if the upside was he could rush for 900 yards and 10 touchdowns every year, then maybe I'd be willing to take the risk. like the Anthony Richardson factor of like, okay, yes, I don't really believe in the prospect, but god, if he hits, he's going to be the 101 in superflex startups. You kind of almost have to take a couple of shots here and there just because of what the upside was. Same goes for Trey Lance and other quarterback prospects like that. >> If Simpson hits, he's like Brock Purie. >> Yeah. And I just don't think he's even that. So, that's kind of where I'm at with it. Again, maybe the draft capital won't be there and this is a non-issue. he goes 64th overall in the NFL draft and he's a 209 212 in rookie drafts because of it. At that point, I'd be okay pulling the trigger in a couple of spots. However, if he does go in the first round, we all know what superflex rookie drafters are going to do. Oh,

it's a bad class other than let's say three of the first round type of prospects get good landing spot in draft capital. KC goes to the 49ers, Boston goes to the Bills, and Jadarian Price goes to the Texans in the second round. Those guys go ahead of him. And then Ty Simpson's the very next name because he got first round draft capital. It's a first round quarterback and I'm just I we evaluate these guys for a reason. If I was going to just say, "Oh, he went in the first round. I'm going to take them." I wouldn't even bother watching his tape. I would just, you know, say I'm going to trust the draft capital. >> Yeah. That's the whole point of doing what we do, man. Like, that's why we watch all these guys on top of having our analytical processes because, hey, guess what? We want the full picture on what these guys are. And Tai Simpson, to put it bluntly, is getting propped up as quarterback 2 because who the [ __ ] else are we going to prop up to quarterback

2? Trinidad Shamblas was the only one we were considering. and he went back to school. >> Cole Payton is getting quarterback two buzz right now. That's how down bad we are at the quarterback position in this class. So, uh, yeah, those are the overrated prospects of the 2026 NFL draft. Again, we don't love to be negative too much on this channel, but there are some guys that we feel like we are a little bit lower on than the consensus is, whether that's the NFL draft capital that they're expected to get in the community or that's the actual dynasty rookie draft community. Again, for Boston, it was more NFL draft community. For Fields, it was more NFL draft community. For Simpson, it was more NFL draft community, but for Bell and for EMTT Johnson, it does appear that dynasty rookie drafters are a little bit higher on those players than we are. So again, if you guys do have interest in checking out our Dynasty rookie draft guide, top 25 prospects live right now, just like the ones you

saw here, Denzel Boston, for example, you see all the the player cards for all 25 prospects. And you can also click on that play button above Denzel Boston's picture to watch the 25 to 30 uh 30 minute film breakdown that we did on all 25 of these players. Danny and I going through and explaining how we got to our our uh traits grades, how we gave Boston 9 and a half out of 10 for hands, how we gave him 12 for route running or 11 and a half for route running. So that uh process side of it is really really important. So definitely check that out. We've gotten a lot of good feedback on that so far. Really appreciate you guys for checking it out. And of course, Dynasty rankings up to date, rookie rankings up to date, uh, Dynasty trade value chart up to date. You can check out all that stuff, submit a trade question, submit a team review. Annual [ __ ] can sign up right now and get a free team review. When you sign up, um, you basically be covered from now until next year's start of the

rookie cycle. So, good time to sign up this time of year as well. So, check that out. That is linked down below. Like, comment, subscribe for all that good stuff. Peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
