Welcome back. Dynasty Decisions episode number 147. It has been a while since we've done a pure Dynasty Decisions episode as opposed to, you know, doing a mock draft first and then breaking down some questions afterwards. We do have a number of questions in the queue, couple of trades, couple of team reviews. I do want to quickly uh mention that we will be giving out some trades, giving out some team reviews in this live stream. We're hoping we can go for about an hour and a half to two hours on this one. So hopefully we get through the ones that we have. Of course, if you do want to get one, skip the line. You can get your team reviewed using the link in the chat and in the description and also get trade questions answered this way as well. So um gang, let's get kicked off. We have a trade question from Staplers here. >> Um where Trevian Henderson would be being acquired and an early to midsecond in exchange for Alec Pierce, RJ Harvey, Alec Manor. So, couple of guys, you

know, I would say I'm not like super high on the assets, but I know there's definitely going to be some truthers out there for all of the assets on the left side of that deal. >> It's Hendo all day for me personally. Um, I understand he's on the down low right now. Stevenson looked good in the playoffs. I also just think Henderson mentally kind of was a little behind. I do think going into year two, getting more reps under his belt. You'll start to see him really, really take over a full workload. We saw what it looked like in glimpses at the end of the year. It's just unfortunately Stevenson was an NFL ready back and in a playoff run where the Patriots end up making the Super Bowl, you need the guy to make the right reads. I still believe that the Patriots believe long-term Henderson's going to be their guy. So for this price, I'm unconvinced that the Broncos don't take a running back in on day two. To be honest, like I think Harvey uh needs a compliment added or maybe they

go after a Tyler Alier type in free agency. Maybe they bring back a JK Doms. I'm a lot more worried long term in terms of the three down skill set of R.J. Harvey than I am Trevian Henderson. So, I'm taking the steal every time. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think that's definitely fair. The one thing that I'd be semi worried about with Henderson is like the thing that was creeping its, you know, rearing its ugly head in college, which is, hey, I'm not, you know, really a three down workhorse. You kind of need to use a compliment with me. Like, Quinn Sean gets brought in obviously. I think that is maybe going to be an issue for him in the NFL. And we saw that happen with Stevenson. I also don't think that >> like how does this situation clear up necessarily? You know what I mean? Like is Stevenson going to get cut random? like it seems like they like him. Like he's also not costing them a ton. Like do they add another year to his contract or whatever? Like I guess I just worry

that the expectation that people have for Trevian Henderson will be that one day he's a top eight dynasty running back, top eight reddraft running back. I just worry that we might not ever see that day. He might always be part of a committee. So part of me goes, I think he's a tiny bit overrated right now. I mean, to a degree, I understand like the concern and I understand like, yeah, there's a there's a floor on this situation here. It's not like it's a smash guarantee that he's going to be that, but I just think from a natural progression standpoint, next year it's going to be more so a 60/40 split and then we're going to start to see him continue to ascend because I do think again the physical traits are there, the elusiveness is there, the ability as a receiver is there, the ability to break off long plays is there. It's just the down and down consistency is the thing lacking right now in terms of success rate as a runner. And honestly, when

you're in a playoff mode, got to win, got to have it. You would much rather, you know, remand Stevenson the consist consistency down and down that he brought rather than trying to develop Henderson. I do think in the regular season next year, we're going to start to see at least more of an even split, if not potentially Henderson as he gets more familiar, potentially even take that full lead. >> I Yeah, I know what you mean. I I guess I just I I just am worried that >> we both thought he was a little raw coming out even if the talent was there though like like vision wise >> I again my worry is that right what ambiguity says in the chat here >> people think he's Jir Gibbs that's my worry is that that's why there is that people think he's Jir Gibbs >> yeah and he's not there as a runner yet and will he ever be there probably not because Jir Gibbs is just a special player >> right but don't you think inherently part of why you buy into Henderson at

RB9 price tag or RB7 price, whatever he is on the dynasty market right now. I have him RB9. Um, don't you think inherently part of the draw of buying him at that price is that he could become Jir Gibbs someday? >> To a degree, yeah. But again, not what two to 3% of running backs will ever get to Jir Gibbs' level. Realistically, like I if he's a poor man's Jir Gibbs and he's getting 80 plus targets per year, he can still very much produce at a top five to eight running back level. It's just like to be Jir Gibbs top three overall running back. Yeah, he's going to have to get there in terms of his vision. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Also, um just a shout out to everybody, hammer the like button so that we can get this out to as many people as possible. And uh um the more likes we get, the more questions we'll give away. So, um leave after you hit the like button, leave your username in the chat and we will give away some trade questions to start and then if we

get some real traction on the stream, then we'll rip uh some team reviews and whatnot. But as far as this deal is concerned, I probably still would take the Henderson side just because I think that the upside is on that side and I just don't love the rest of the players in the deal. If they were >> I think Henderson straight up over the other side. >> I wouldn't I I would need the two involved, I think. Um but in in a vacuum, I think this is a pretty good deal to make. >> Yeah, I think you have to be about worth the two there, give or take. And I think again 36 spots higher than him. I know. >> Like to me that 36 spot difference alone is worth an early two. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I guess I'm just not really a fan of like that's the side of the deal that I would take, but I'm not really a fan of buying Trevion right now if that makes any sense. >> To me, this is a freak, too. I would take this every time. >> Yeah. Yeah. And we'll he's an

interesting discussion point for sure because like he's clearly on the downs slope based on what people think about him and I think it's warranted to be honest. So that's that's the other part of it. Um, okay. Let's get into R. Collet has a team review for us. Uh, for Bree Brothers here, uh, is the name of his team. He is fifth in the analyzer. Finished fourth this year. And he said he was offered Nico and 202 for 102. >> Um, >> oh, you get 102. >> Yeah. No, he he has the 102. Uh, hold on. He has Nico. He has Nico. Okay. >> Yeah. Um, >> so that I mean that's >> 102 with Nico and the 202 I guess is what the trade is. >> So that's relatively close. Um, >> can you throw in a player instead of the two? Like could you throw in a Jacobe Meyers instead of the 202 to get that done? >> Yeah. Or even like >> um because I like the aspect of getting younger on this team cuz quite frankly like yeah you're eight and six. Yeah.

Like you said you finished fourth. This would be more so a team that I'd want to retool around my young assets because to be honest, I just don't know if you have the firepower to compete with the guy at the top. >> Yeah. No, I I I don't disagree with you. And Will, I sent you a trade question in the chat. And uh Turpps, I will send you a trade question in the chat as well. Again, for those of you guys that want some trade questions, want some team reviews, haven't given out a team review yet, but uh we will probably give one out uh give a couple out throughout this stream. So, um, >> make sure you hit the like button and, uh, leave your chat username in the chat there. So, yeah, I I think that in a vacuum, I like the deal. Nico and the 202 for the for the 102. Um, presumably that would be Mai Lemon and Carnell Tape depending on what receiver you like there. >> Yeah, I guess he could go Mendoza as well. I probably would just rather like if you do this deal, I would just rather

trade the 102 for a quarterback than take Mendoza at 102. I mean, depends who's available, though, because honestly, I mean, we, spoiler alert, we did Mendoza's film review. Um, you already announced it, so I can say that out loud. We already did the film study on him, and I think he's valid if you want to take him upwards of the 102. I think you're you're totally reasonable to do it. Now, raw gradewise, I have Lemon and Tate above him. But if somebody said, "Hey, I'm quarterback needy and I value Mendoza as a fringe top 12 startup asset at quarterback." I don't think they're outrageous to say that at all. >> No, I don't think so. And you know what? ambiguity, I'll drop you a team review because you were very early on in the chat saying that if we needed any help with the team reviews and filling them out, we could send them to you. So, yeah, congrats. You got a free team review in the chat. Um, and Danny did just kind of allude to it. Our first

edition of our draft guide comes out 4 days from now. We have our top 24 ranked players, graded player cards, and all that stuff. And as you guys would have seen yesterday on my Twitter, if you're following along over there, um, there is a video draft guide kind of preview of what it looks like. So, if you have no idea kind of what we mean by video draft guide, you want a little bit of a sneak peek, you can head on over to my Twitter and and go check that out. Um, basically how the draft guide will work. It's like you'll see the player card, you'll see the the grades and all that kind of stuff. You click on the player card where it says prospect video and you're brought to the tab where you can watch us break down their film. And we are going to continue to do that for all the prospects in this draft. not together for the lower-end prospects because we kind of need to divide and conquer on those guys. But all the high-end dudes that are going to cost you high high-end

uh rookie pick capital, we'll have you covered on on duos there as well. So, um as far as the direction of the team here, >> if you do this deal, you're kind of signaling that you may be, you know, gearing towards a rebuild, right? if I'm, you know, reading that, you probably then want to use, >> you know, Bree Hall's new landing spot potentially in free agency to maybe see what you can get for him because I mean, he's young enough that you could retool around him for one year, but I would imagine he's about to see a major spike in value, so it could be the time to go and cash out to some degree on on what he represents. And >> he's going to be 25 this year, so I think that would be a sharp thing. Like what if he went to like the Chiefs or the Cowboys or some [ __ ] in free agency? Then at that point, you could probably sell them again. RB1 listed there. I think it's a primo landing spot. I think you can even sell them for upwards of top seven, top eight dynasty

running back prices. >> Yeah, for sure. And I'm not going to give out any more vouchers until you guys hammer the like button further because it is at a pitiful eight likes right now. So, um until you guys hit the like button, I'm not giving out anything else. Um the Okay, so the other stuff he says KTR team is interested in Fannon. Uh my 109 by itself doesn't have much interest. any ideas to get better? I mean, if you're going to be in kind of more of like a rebuilding shell, rebuilding tools, >> let's see who the guy with the the the that wants Fannon, let's see what his team looks like. Because if he has a higher pick, I'd be willing to move him Phantom plus the 109 for a higher pick plus maybe a piece or depending on how not depending on how high the pick is. Like if it's a top four, top five pick, I would even do Phantom plus the 109 straight up. >> So, who is KTR is my question. I don't see KTR anywhere. >> Whatever starts with K, maybe King Tut,

King Ted. Um, this guy is concaid. Maybe he's viewing. I don't think that's probably him. >> I mean, let's just He's the only one that starts with K. >> I mean, this guy doesn't have a good tight end. Maybe it's him, but I don't see anyone. >> I think >> KTR team. >> I'm just going to assume it's King Tat because like who else would it be? >> Yeah, if you're in the chat right now, Arc Colola, just let us know who that is. Um, just cuz I don't see who it would be. If it is this guy, I personally would not be willing to do Fannon and and the 109 for for the 104 unless back. No, absolutely not. I think top 50 to 60 startup asset. >> He is, but you don't think that's worth the 104? >> Hell no. >> In this class, 109 plus Fannon for the 104. >> No, because I think that Fannon is already an a round and a half or so after the 104 in terms of startup value. >> We we we got to talk about it relative

to the prospects given our grades on Mendoza, Tate, and Lemon. Like I would do that any single time. >> I would need something back. Like equivalent >> if you can get something back, all the power to you, but >> I mean he doesn't have any twos. So like that would be what I would want back and he doesn't have any twos. I >> Yeah. >> I just I don't think that would be worth like if you could do 109 202 and Fannon for [ __ ] uh for >> you get a first in one of those one of the late projected 271s. >> Yeah. Yeah, I mean like I would easily I would honestly just do 109 and fan and if you can get more then like all again all the power to you. I just think like >> that that's probably what it costs. Like the 109 is probably the difference between getting a top 25 asset versus a top 5560 asset which is what Fannon is for me. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. This is an interesting you know predicament though because I again if you're one like let's

just say you go okay I want to hold F and he's a 21-y old tight end or whatever. Your 109 by itself you said doesn't have much interest. Um, what I would probably do is wait until closer to the rookie draft. See where that 109's going to develop into. Maybe we get some good draft capital running backs, etc. Another second a first round quarterback or whatever that pushes up the value of that pick and then maybe you could punt it into 2027. Or maybe because you're going to be in a rebuild at that point. You take a prospect that you like there, maybe trade back a couple of picks or something. So, I would say if nobody's biting on the 109 now, just hold it. It'll probably continue to gain value as we get through the combine and we get closer to the draft. A lot of people are going to make the mistake right now of trading their rookie picks away. And while I think that generally the 109 or 108 to like 112 are not super valuable this year, I think the time to trade those picks away

was in January or in December when people didn't realize exactly what >> it's almost the inverse now. I kind of want to I kind of want to buy the picks right now >> because I I I like given the current market sentiment, everybody's like, "Oh, 2026." I'm actually more in the camp of buying picks given the current status of them. Like it almost feels like people are undervaluing picks right now. >> Yeah. No, I I I don't disagree. Honestly, I think that's where I'm at with it because the time to trade 109 or like I traded uh during the fantasy playoffs, I traded 111 for Jameson Williams. That deal is not available anymore. You're not going to get that. So that at that point, you might as well just hold the 111. >> Um also, yeah, I I have Warren for but uh this is currently ranked by Cory's rankings. >> Yeah, I have Fannon over Warren. Dude, Fannon is two and a half years younger than Warren and outproduced him. >> Yeah. No, it's fair. I just think long

term I'm just going to trust uh the capital of Warren and I do think before the downstretch of the season where Warren really struggled, he was definitely better. Um that's close though. I mean like there they are very close. The one thing I will get on you and >> Jok's gone too, which is another thing. >> Oh 100%. One thing I'll get on you on there is no way there's only a three spot discrepancy between Lovelin and Fannon. >> I It's way more pro love pro fanon than it is anti- lovelin. I probably need to move up my a little bit. probably needs to be in the 40s for sure. But >> 30s, like I said, >> there's a 33 spot discrepancy between them on the site for what it's worth. >> Again, I'm going to be way higher on Fannon than everybody on the site. And that's fine. I have five on everyone. >> Oh yeah, I know. I have them at five. And again, like I'm probably the wrong person to ask on that because I have

Lovelin probably 25 to 30 spots ahead of you. >> Yeah, probably. Um, anyways, anything else on this team before we move on to the next uh team review that we have here? Is there anything else that sticks out to you like a sore thumb? Like I said, I would probably >> quarterback scaring me. >> Scare quarterback core scaring me. Which is why if you can make the deal using Fannon to get up to Mendoza, assuming at 104, I would still be willing to do it. Even if you have to overpay 15% on market value, Mendoza added to this team is exactly what you need. >> Yeah. I also think generally too like this is the type of team where I'm kind of comfortable like just absolutely breaking this down to the studs because there is like a couple really strong teams at the top of this league and like you said the quarterback course scares me. I worry that Herz and McCarthy are going to continue to lose value. I worry about Bree Hall and Kairen Williams kind of being at peak value right now. And

other than really Drake London and some of the other young not really valuable assets that you have in the tight ends, there's not really anybody that you could build around long term. And I do think because there's some teams in this league with a bunch of 271s, it kind of gives me a little bit of an insight to the fact that people will trade those picks pretty easily >> if you're giving them um good value. So I would probably try and gear my sights towards the 2027 and 2028 class and and and shed production from this team because like you said, this is a team that >> top three contenders. >> Top three contenders are double better than you. Like their teams are just so much better. You might as well position yourself to be the next version of that team. But it is going to take a year or two. I don't think this team is one or two hits on your rookie picks away from being dominant. >> Yeah, I don't disagree. I think you're probably one or two hits away from being

third or fourth in this league because those top two guys, 11 and three records, very very strong overall win- Now personnel. Um, can we see Rob G's team as well? He went three and 11, but like I want to see what the value. So, I'm assuming he went spending this off seasonason or he had Oh, he lost Neighbors. He had >> lost Neighbors, lost Hampton. Burrow got hurt for a bit. makes more sense. Okay. >> Burden wasn't Hunter like yeah he just has a valuable team and whatnot. Yeah I would position myself for the 2027 2028 class and again doing that Nico deal I think is a good start. Um >> generally speaking I think it's a good trade. I would probably just take Mai Lemon or Carnell Tate with that pick. But if you want to go you know shop for Mendoza maybe you could trade back and still get Mendoza. Maybe you could trade that for a quarterback like I made reference to. Could you trade 102 for Caleb Williams right now or something? >> Well that's what I mean. is like if you

are able to get the 102 and the 104, the 104 I mentioned like the potential Fannon deal. If you can get that done on top of that, we mentioned the Nico deal for the 10. If you can get 102 and 104 and you can add Fernando Mendoza plus one of those, you know, stud wide receivers in this class, I'm really liking the direction of this long term. London's going to be your number one wide receiver. You would then add your wide receiver to via the draft. Lovelin to me is one year away from being the title one in dynasty. Like he goes out there next year and he has 900 yards and eight touchdowns. Cory, he's going to be the title one or two behind Bowers. >> Yeah, I feel the same way about Fannon to be honest with you. >> Yeah. Um >> I think we get a we get a quarterback for the Browns at the top of the 2027 class after Fannon's coming off another 807 touchdown season. I might have him tight end one in Dynasty. Like that's how high I am on Fannon. So if you do

that you kind of brought up, I would want to do Fannon plus 109 for uh sorry Fannon plus 109 plus 202 for uh the 104 and a 271. That would be the only way I would in that situation. just a price difference between the two of us on Fannon. >> Yeah, I mean, if you can get it done for that, obviously that would be even extra gravy, but I like I wouldn't even need to do the 202 for first round swap. But, uh, again, see what you can do. Um, Fannon obviously coming off of high, you can even use the the news. Hey, listen. Like, and Jou's already asking out right now. Like, I I I think I'm selling Fannon at the wrong time, but I'm willing to make this deal because I know you need a tight end. Like, >> and I'm assuming he probably approached you with interest in Fannon because he saw the Yoku report, too. like that. >> I mean, yeah, like like I said, I would also not be opposed to selling Fannon for 27 or 28 capital because you are going to be in a bit of a multi-year

rebuild here. But, um, that would be another that would be another direction that I would consider going. But anyways, we spent enough time on this team to move on. >> Joe, Fannon is definitely a dog. It's more so the fact that you have Coulson Lovelin and if you can get a quarterback or a stud wide receiver, it just helps you in the long term. Like again, it's fine. >> I'm more prone to move Lovelin personally just because I know Lovelin's price is higher. That depends on that price because as as high as you are on Fannon, I got [ __ ] Lovelin as a top 25 asset. >> I know. And we're gonna This is just spoiler. This is going to be a [ __ ] discussion point for us. I will take you right now Fannon versus Love and head forhead. >> I will take that every single day more next year. I will do it. I think >> sign me up. >> I I will take that. There's currently like a 20 spot discrepancy in ADP and I'll take the free value there.

>> Yeah. Um but anyways, call me Nebs here. Cup of Joe. Uh Joe's clothes. Okay. that's the name of his team. Um he said, "What's good guys? How is my team?" Okay, so the team after going 3-1 last year due to a lot of injuries by the looks of it is in really good shape because you got a lot of assets in the in the cupboard. The cupboard is not bare on this squad right here. >> Cory, are you starting to get a little bit worried worried that Denver signs like a Tyler Algier type? >> Very. I I'm actually just in the camp that they're just going to bring back JK Dobbins. >> That would be another option, too. >> Yeah, that would be another option. Or maybe they would draft like a Jarian Price uh in the second round to be a compliment too. You just if RJ Harvey is your main between the tackles runner, especially from an instinctual perspective, I think you need another peer runner added >> or brought back like you said, not there

yet. He's not where he needs to be. Even if it is a draft pick versus a, you know, a free agent running back given the strength of the free agent class and I've talked about this on like numerous occasions, I expect the NFL to tell us what they think about the running back draft with what they do in free agency. We're going to see some big money thrown around to the Alers of the world, to the Dowels of the world, guys that we're not expecting to get big money. I expect them to get more money than people are thinking. >> I'm scared the Cowboys might get priced out of Javvante Williams. >> It's possible. It's possible. I think a lot of people are going to go big game hunting for for ETN Walker and Hall to start and then that second tier is going to get paid like Swift did a couple of years ago where it's like that's a pretty sizable contract for what Swift was worth at the time. >> Well, that's the thing. It's like if my options as the Cowboys are ressigning

Javvante to three years $27 million or just spending the extra four million per year to get Bree Hall, I would rather get Bree Hall every time. >> Yeah. I So, um, this is an interesting because >> I may maybe maybe this is just me thinking out loud here. >> I don't think we should be viewing them >> extremely far apart. I'm not saying that they're that Henderson's not better in the better asset right now, but I don't think we should be viewing them extremely wide gap, huge margin apart like we currently are in rankings. Most people are. >> I have two counters to that. One, New England's offensive line is going to get better. uh Denver's offensive line almost guaranteed is going to get worse because they were quite literally the by far best offensive line in the league this year. And on top of that, we saw the big plays already translate with Harvey. It's like he was inefficient behind the best offensive line in the league. >> I know you can easily argue that

Henderson, even if forever he is condemned to a 15 touchdown rest of his career, he can still be much better than Harvey even on 18 20. And like again, both of us kind of view Harvey as like, okay, maybe he'll be the starter again next year, but I don't expect him to be a starter for six, seven years of his career. >> Like even if it doesn't fully work out mentally for Trevon Henderson, just like at least you're getting a DeAndre Swift asset. You know, he's going to catch passes. You know, he's going to break off chunk plays. Obviously, like if you drafted him with higher expectations like a lot of us, like yeah, that would be probably like the 30th, 40th, 50th percentile outcome somewhere in that range. like you want him to be more, but if you're telling me the floor here is like, "Oh yeah, you're getting like a mid-end RB2," like I don't think that's Harvey's floor. I think that would be like the expectation. >> Henderson's ceiling went from as a

rookie you could have talked yourself into him being the next Jir Gibbs. His ceiling is now um James Cook in my opinion. >> Yeah, I think that would make sense. >> James Cook like three, four years to become who he is now. >> Yeah. You started seen the glimpses in year two. Year three is when he fully broke out if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, but even him breaking out was still like what highend RB2 his first year as the starter and then last year he had his first, you know, monster season uh on the back of the touchdowns and the goal line production and that kind of thing. So again, I just want to reposition expectations on Trevian Henderson because I do think a lot of people assumed he would be Jir Gibbs. >> Yeah, which is definitely fair. Um, uh, also with James Cook, he had his first breakout in year two, but that was without the touchdowns and then we saw the touchdowns the last two years, right? like in terms of the efficiency, the overall yardage, like it happened in

year two for him. So hopefully we do see that for Henderson because um he's super fun to watch when he's playing well. >> Yeah. Okay, so here's my point on the James Cook comp. James Cook has just now reached top eight dynasty running back status for the first time in his career. So, the fact that Henderson's already being ranked here is why I'm saying like if we reposition expectations to James Cook and that it might take Henderson another year or two to become James Cook from a production standpoint. Should we be ranking him RB 6 or RB8 or whatever he's being ranked right now? >> And it's a fair conversation. It's just the my rebuttal, I guess, would be who else would be ranked there. >> Well, yeah, that's fair. And obviously, like Jeremiah is going to be ranked ahead of him the second he gets into the league. You're not going to rank the other rookies, I would imagine, ahead of him unless they got first round capital or something like that.

>> Yeah. Like, oh, Jaren Price goes 30th overall to the Broncos. Yeah, I'd probably rank him ahead of him. You know what I mean? Like, >> yeah, like because of like if Judkins didn't get hurt, I would rank Judkins ahead of him, no questions asked. Because I think that Judkins has proven that he can handle a workload. >> Yeah. Like they'd be similar. It's just I'm really worried about the lower body injury and the offense. >> Obviously, the injury factors in. I also think that had Scataboo stayed healthy, you could have argued him over Henderson as well. Like after if Scataboo had been coming off a top 12 season, I think we all would have ranked him over Henderson based on what he looked like as a rookie. >> It's just unfortunately you're getting a 465 runner coming off a lower body injury that was a day three pick. Like statistically, it's not fun having a bunch of stock in Cam Scataboo if you do right now. >> Yeah. Historically,

>> this is my point, ambiguity. I do think he is a sell right now based on people who still think he'll be Jir Gibbs. Not based on what he's kind of been like. I think you know what he is is Yeah. He's got to be a top 10 to 12 dynasty running back because there's nobody else. But at the same time, are we ever going to see this guy post a top five season in the NFL for fantasy? I don't know. I really don't. I love the offense. I love the breakaway plays and stuff, but now Ohio State and the New England Patriots have determined that this is not a guy that we want to hand the ball 18 20 times a game. >> Yeah. And it's just like the game-breaking ability is always going to be there. It's the question like what does he do when the chunk play doesn't go 60 plus yards? But that was even the question at Ohio State, too. We even pointed out a couple times like the down and down consistency. Like I don't I don't know, man. You got the ability to

make all these plays in space, to make people miss, to be able to contribute so well as a wide receiver. We just need to see it down to down. And again, will he ever fully develop that part of his game, especially considering he was a four-year player at Ohio State? That's yet to be seen. Um, what about Scat? Hot take. Um, >> if I knew Scataboo was going to be unaffected by the injury, I would take him over Henderson. Gun to Miami. Um, I mean, you could argue him even like upwards of RB7, RB8. It's just the thing that's really concerning me about Scat is, is this almost Damen Piercy a little bit? >> A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. And I think you can argue that that it is, but my counter would be that we had an RB1 upside prospect in the model versus a waiverwire prospect, which Damen Pierce was. So like Scott, it's not like he just stylistically all of a sudden. >> Yeah. Again, more stylistically, obviously, the overall profile's got to be like wipes what Pierce was doing at

Florida. Um, >> for sure. Anyways, getting back here, >> getting back to this team uh that we have from Call Me Nebs, >> this uh so these picks, where is that? Shrouded in >> his own pick and shrouded. >> Shroud. Okay, this guy went eight and six. I mean, we're probably talking 106 to 108, I would imagine. >> I think that team's at least >> probably 107 or 108. Uh that other team that you just showed I think is probably a French playoff team Shrouded. >> Well he hasn't had the pick roll over yet. So we don't know 2026 won. So he had 1861 and 8 and6 record. Um >> and he probably made the playoffs by the looks of it. So it might have depended on how far he went. Let's It's 107 to 10 to 110. I would say most likely that's where that pick is. >> Probably good range to assume. And in terms of your own pick, you went three and 11. So, I'm assuming your own pick is probably going to be somewhere in the

top three. >> 1190 points for as well. Um, that's that's 101. >> Wow, you got the 101. Okay. So, immediately we talked about >> immediately we talked about okay, maybe concern with RB long term, especially if we're we're not as bottom with Harvey. Not an issue. Now, you take Jeremiah Love and you have Jeremiah Love, Chase Brown, RJ Harvey. I think that's more than adequate of a running back score. Wide receiver, you have Puka, you have Tedo McMillan, you have Dvonte Smith. Maybe you add another guy uh with that. Yeah, the other first that he has is presumably going to be like Casey Conpsion or Denzel Boston or Omar Cooper or somebody like that. I mean, you're probably not in the sweep stakes for Kenyan Sadique given that you have Brock Bowers and David and Jooko will probably be a decent backup for you. Um, my thought process would be once you get that pick, wherever it is, 107, 108, 109, 110 is where I'm guessing it is. That's the type of pick that I would be

looking to either maneuver up with or maneuver down with. So, if you can go up using some of your future capital because you have a ton of it, or package a bunch of your twos together, your threes, whatever you got to do to get into that top four to top five to secure another one of those top wide receivers, whether it's Tyson or Lemon or Tate, or >> I also think that you should be in the sweep stakes for Fernando Mendoza given the the quarterback that you have right now. So, I would personally be earmarking that 109 to 110, whatever pick that is. And if it is 107 108 even better to get up to get another quarterback option if you possibly can whether it's trading that pick straight for a quarterback or going >> you have so many twos like if you have to throw on 109 plus a bunch of twos to like you said get an established veteran option at quarterback or potentially move up into Mendoza range. I think that would make sense. Um because you have what like six twos listed there. Five

>> uh yeah he's got five twos I think it is. Yeah. And one of them's 2011 because it's one of them is his. Um, and some of these other twos it looks like. Is that CT hack? No, he doesn't have that one. He has that guy's three, which is Oh, he has his two as well. So, this is the the 20. He has like 2011, 202, and then a couple mid2s by the looks of it. >> Shout out Mason by the way. And, uh, yeah. No, I'll I'll hit you up in the DMs. Uh, literally right after the Super Bowl finished basically in terms of the TLDDR version, I just got the email back from Twitter saying like, "Oh yeah, like uh we fixed the email for you. You should be good." I tried to log in and I was right back on my account. The first thing I did change my password and disabled uh encryption key, which is what the hacker put on my account. >> Yeah, it's funny that that was put in place to make sure that they wouldn't be able to do stuff like that. Um >> and it makes it easier for them to hack.

>> Yeah, it makes it because like they got to change your password or whatever otherwise and that would have been harder for them to do. But anyways, um I think we're close to 25 likes on this stream right now. Keep hitting the like button because once we get to 25, we are going to give away some more trade reviews, team reviews, etc. So, if you haven't already, hit the like button, go ahead and do that. Um, but yeah, this team, I mean, you have so much flexibility, whether it is to address your quarterback position, which to me is need number one, and then address your wide receiver depth because I like the top end guys that you have, but filling them out with either a rookie wide receiver, and again, this is such a great class, too, to have a bunch of twos and to need wide receivers because you could throw darts at the dart board. 2011 you take Elijah Serat. 202 you take Zachariah Branch. 208 you take you know whoever like uh Ted Hurst gets good draft capital or something like that.

There's so many guys in this class of wide receiver that >> what's up. >> On top of that once you get to let's say you spend a couple of those picks on the wide receivers. You have 52s. If you want to send some of those later twos on for like a 2027 like late mid to late projected two and three or a 2027 early to mid projected two. You can also buy running back production because I do think you're gonna be in somewhat of a winning window if you really wanted to go after you know DeAndre Swift or you know some some of these guys that get signed to new teams like Tyler Alier signs with the Texans or something like that and all he cost you on the open market's 207. I think he would be a good fit to be like an RB2 for your team or whatever. So yeah, a lot of lot of flexibility. This is why we like having um you know this much you know pick bank wrapped up is because you have so much flexibility to spend those picks. Trade them up, trade them down, trade them for future picks

or trade them for veterans. >> You want to hear my hot take by the way? >> What's that? >> I think Javvante prices him out of the Cowboys range and the Cowboys sign Tyler Algier. >> Yeah, I think Alier would be a perfect I could totally see that. Um >> I've been drafting so much Alier in the fringe top 100 of the big board. It's insane. >> Yeah, atomic uh what is your username? I don't see it in the chat right now. Um, we'll send you a team review voucher if you send us your username. But let's let's speed things up a little bit because we're kind of slacking just a bit on the timing of everything, but uh, Flowery Density here, the Tet offensive trying to decide whether to run it back, make win now trades, retool my roster for the future or by trading some of my older players. So, championship. He said run it back as if he won it. >> Um, 113. >> He's on a one loss streak. So, maybe lost in the championship.

>> Yeah. I'm assuming the guy with the one win streak maybe beat him. Yeah, potentially. I mean, either way, this is this is a team that I would look to run it back with because and the telltale sign for me is should I run it back or should I not run it back is Christian McAffrey is just the type of asset that needs to die on your roster at this point in time. >> He got the 109 by the way. >> Okay. So, he he didn't make he didn't make the championship by the looks of it. >> So, do you use the 109 plus a piece to go and try to big game hunt? >> You could. Yeah. I mean, >> I'd be willing to. Would would you be willing to send the 109 in 2026 plus his 20271 for like Devon Aan or somebody like that? >> Yeah, especially if you can ch tack on like a cheaper player on top like uh >> like let's see who has some of those higherend running backs here if there's anybody that makes sense. I mean Barkley would make sense too, but you're

obviously not going to do that. I mean you could trade the 109 straight for Barkley. I think that would be a fine deal. >> Bree would make sense too. >> Bree would make sense. I'm trying to find like one of the true like hammers if they're on like a bad team. >> Um is going to be too tough. >> Bejon's going to be hard, but this guy's team is in a position where he might be looking towards a rebuild. >> Maybe you throw him 109 the 2027 one and you'd have to give up another need like >> I give him I'd give him burden 109 a 2027 one for for Robinson on this team. >> I would do it with Marv as well. So like if you could do that I would do that. >> Yeah, big game hunting at running back to me seems like the best course of action for him. I think Bucky is a good buy low candidate right now. You might be able to get it done 109 for Bucky and maybe you just have to throw in something small like maybe 109 Jaden Higgins for Bucky or something like that

would get that done. >> I think that would make sense. Maybe you get him to throw in like a JK Dobbins or some [ __ ] on the end. >> Ultimately, I don't want to trade for Bucky Irving right now because I am I want to see what happens in free agency with Tampa Bay at the running back position. But I do think >> good quotes from Zack. >> What's up? >> I saw some of the quotes that were coming out from Zack Robinson. It's a good sign at least. >> Yeah, for sure. I mean, this guy is Hampton and Cook. I think he's probably thinking he's more of in a competitive window once he gets Jeremiah Love added to this team, but maybe he's willing to deal one of those two running backs. I do I would give up 109 and a 2027 one for either of them. And I would do it for Love, too, if you'd be willing to do that. I doubt it, but maybe he's willing to do that as well. >> I would do I would do more for Love. I would >> I would probably give him Burden, too,

to get Love. But, uh, >> yeah, I I'm fully willing to spend up on Love. >> I mean, this guy is Gibbs, but he did just have an eight and six record. He's probably still thinking he's competitive. But you could inquire about Gy if there's anything that he would be interested in, >> especially given his quarterback core a little bit more aging there. Prescott obviously 33, Darnold going to be 29. Like I think this guy's probably going to hold and try to compete. >> Yeah. I I mean I love the way that your team is constructed at quarterback between Herbert Goff Ward and Malik Willis. You have such a nice blend of upside, youth, etc. You could even potentially like I wouldn't even be opposed if you're like, "Hey, I believe a ton in Malik Willis to get a starting job." I'd be willing to trade Jared Goff away. I think you could absolutely do that if you want to. Um, just he's the type of quarterback asset doesn't usually fetch a ton on the open market.

But again, more or less when you have Christian McCaffrey on a dynasty team that was competitive, you are probably going to get less in a trade for Christian McCaffrey than he is actually worth, so you might as well just contend one more year until he starts to fall off. If you're like, "Hey, I know he's falling off this year. I got inside information or whatever." Sometimes you just got to trust your gut on that stuff. And if you can get first round capital for Christian McCaffrey, go ahead. But if you're going to trade him and then try and compete anyways, there's no point of doing that. You might as well. If you're going to trade him, you need to retool. If you're going to keep Christian McCaffrey, which you probably should given the strengths of your team, you should just try and run it back and try and win again. >> Yeah. No, I I agree. I mean, overall, like you were very clearly close 11 and three record. You got a little bit unlucky. You lost uh in what would that

be? The semi-final round is the 109. So, um yeah, to me that's just a little bad luck. Re retool with that 109. try to get another piece added specifically if you can get a hammer at running back or I mean depending on how deep the leak is. How many uh wide receiver spots have we got? >> Um it is >> like you could always consolidate at wide receiver if you really want >> to. Yeah, you could. It's you you're probably starting most of these guys I would imagine. >> Yeah, like would you throw 109 plus Marv as well to get like a big hammer at wide receiver if you can get up to >> I mean if it gets me Drake London or something I would do that in that territory though. I think I I wouldn't do it for like, you know, Bua or something like I would need I would need somebody better. >> Um >> yeah, like even like would >> if it was 109 plus Marv and it was Nico plus another veteran piece. I think I would do something like that too. Um depending on

who has like Nico. >> Yeah, >> like if you can get another piece with Nico, let me >> Yeah, for sure. Um Atomic Juice here. I do not see your username on Flock. So, if you used a different code, we unfortunately cannot send you vouchers. So, if you used flock or domain or whatever, we are unable to send you vouchers. Same goes for you, Joe. I I cannot see your name on the back end there. So, you do have to um you do have to be on our code for us to send you vouchers on that. And uh Marvin, this is a good idea actually for a video. Dynasty cut list um for like regular, you know, 12man, start nine kind of dynasty leagues, like who can you, you know, feel comfortable cutting bait with kind of thing. Pretty good idea. This time of year, people are like, I have nine rookie picks or something. I'm going to have to make some cuts at some point. I think this is a good time of year to maybe think about that. What's our code? Our code is FSE. Um, yes, that's correct.

>> Um, but yeah. Uh, moving on. Do we have anything else on this team before we go on? >> Um, I think we should be pretty good. Obviously, unfortunate you lose KD there. Um, I someone you just kind >> Yeah. I mean, the issue that I'm more so having is um is he ever going to look like himself again? >> Um yeah, I mean it wouldn't shock me if he doesn't. >> Like this was an older tight end that was still relied upon having that big explosive athletic ability. It's like he's had lower body injuries. He's had Achilles uh Achilles tendonitis in the past before. Obviously just tore his Achilles. Like it's going to be a long road to recovery. And that's the unfortunate thing. It's like obviously talent-wise you can argue that he is the best pure talent at the tight end position that even in an era with Travis Kelce we've seen since Robowski. I really do think from a pure player for player standpoint. You can argue KD was more dominant than Kelsey. So just the

fact that he went out the way he did like it it honestly like was one of the more disgusting things that I felt this offseason or >> Yeah, it was it was sad for sure. Definitely sad. >> Um >> like he's the epitome of football, man. You watch that guy, he's shaking his hair, he's [ __ ] getting crazy. Like that guy is a pure psycho and I love it. >> Oh, for sure. Yeah. Um, okay. So, let's move on. And again, if you guys a couple of you guys saying you switch codes or, you know, whatever, use a different code, really appreciate that. If you are already supporting somebody on the site and you're going to go ahead and support us as well, we really appreciate that. One quick thing I want to talk about is I did mention this at the beginning of the stream and I do want to just quickly mention it again. Um, I want to show you guys a little sneak peek of what our draft guide is going to look like. In case you're wondering, okay, what is, you know, you talk about your draft

guide, what does it look like? This is a little sneak peek of what it's going to look like on your end. So, 2026 Dynasty Wall Street Journal, of course, it's going to be, if you've had our draft guide before, essentially what we do is we go through, we uh rank all the top prospects, like you can see here with Fernando Mendoza, strengths, weaknesses. This year, we have the FSE model comps integrated right in there. So you get a floor, median, and ceiling based on the FSE model, their prospect tier, hit rates, etc. Then you also have like our grades on film, our player traits, accuracy, pressure, size, mobility, etc. And then like draft capital, projected NFL role, what we think their ceilings are, uh, ceiling and floor are, the pro comparisons, the potential fits, etc. And then, as you can see at the top there, there is also a prospect video that you can click into. And if I pull it up on this screen again, um, basically it'll take you to a separate tab and you can watch the prospect video

film breakdown that we did. And we've only got film breakdowns for now, but after the combine, we will be adding uh, you know, um, >> reaction >> combine reactions. After the draft, we will be adding like postdraft landing spot reactions. Now, I don't want to play this because I don't want to get screwed by YouTube for showing. >> Don't want to get demonetized. Yeah. >> Yeah. But basically what we would be doing here is uh breaking down the film like if you could see us talking about it and whatnot. I don't want to play the film parts of it because I don't want to get demonetized. But yeah, it is uh it is way more like just from our perspective if I was an audience member of ours. I would think how much more valuable this video draft guide in addition to the player card stuff is than it has been in years past. Um because yes, the player cards and the grades and all that stuff is good, but you get to see and hear our actual thought process breaking down the film

and how we got to those numbers as opposed to last year we had them as writeups. And I think most of you guys probably view us more for video content. So I think it made more sense to make them videos as opposed to written content. >> Yeah, I'm not I'm not even like much of a written content guy in general. Like yeah, I can write, but realistically if I have the preference of being able to communicate it, I will always choose that every single time. I know a lot of people out out there are the same way. It's like, hey, give me a attention to detail full comprehensive 25 to 27 minute video that I can listen to, especially noting too. You can listen to while you're maybe doing something on the side. Maybe you have it playing out of your speaker. Maybe you're driving home. Like, there's just so many more ways that you can consume the content as opposed to I just I'm I'm not a big article reader guy in general anymore. >> No, I'm not. And again, you guys watch

us for videos, not for articles. You guys probably like I would say 70 80% of people weren't reading the write-ups anyways. They were probably just looking at the grades, looking at the comps, etc. Which is why we we trimmed out that fat of the write-ups and made the the videos. Unfortunately, this will mean that we won't have tail of the tape videos on the channel. But these are way better versions of the tale of the tape. Number one, because we can actually show film, and number two, because we're both in it, and we're going back and forth on it. So, um, anyways, Shady's got a big trade here, and >> Danny's firstborn son is in the trade, so we'll see what happens. Colston Lovelin for an early to mid first. Kenneth Walker Romo Dun a third and Theo Johnson. I mean the Theo Johnson and the third don't really matter. They're not consequential. What are your thoughts on the rest of the deal? >> So spoiler alert by the way um we are about to record the last few and then I

believe we'll be close to 25 total. Um and uh like Cory mentioned going to be coming soon. So if this was a two tight end start, two tight end premium, it would be the Lovelin side. But assuming this is a single start tight end, this is a lot. And I'm the Lovelin guy. Even if because you have him at 36. I have Lovel >> showing at 40ome in my rank or 50some in my rankings before this year. 36 sounds more accurate to where he actually is. So I don't know why I'm showing him at 52 before. >> So for reference where I have everyone, I have Loveland as my 27th overall player. And honestly, actually, I'm going to move him up a little bit because I would take him in a startup tight end premium over Herz. Call me a hater, I don't care. Um, but at the same time, I have the 2027 early to mid1 in my top 30 as well. So, when you combine that early to mid uh early to mid 20271, which is a top 30 asset, Kenneth Walker, who's a fringe top 10, top 15 overall startup running back, and Roma Dunay,

who I would view at this point kind of being valued as a free a free flyer, I love Lovelin, but I think this is a lot to be able to get from him. Well, especially when you factor in that there is a a range of outcomes which exists where Romo Dun does lead this team in targets, does lead this team in yards, is the guy that you want to have. Now, I get they don't play the same position in Loveland with 800 yards, seven touchdowns would be probably as valuable as Odun with,7 touchdowns, but yeah, you mean you mean to tell me that I can get a guy who's still in the same offense, who still benefits from Ben Johnson, all that kind of stuff? I I would definitely I think I I >> call me crazy. I'm actually going to make this switch in my rankings right now. I would take Kenneth Walker straight up gun to my head over Trevian Henderson right now because I think there's a better chance that Kenneth Walker is a starting running back producing RB1 production over the next two to three years than there is that

Trevian Henderson is. And I like Henderson. I think he's got upside >> all that kind of stuff. But I think it would be malpractice to not put Bree Hall, Kenneth Walker, and Chase Brown over him because those guys have real projectable work. >> Yeah. You know what? And uh I'm at least going to move him down because I had them uh in a higher tier. I had him eight. But you're right. I mean, realistically, like at least in the tier with like you know them, Hall, McCaffrey, Squan, guys like that. I got to move Walker up because he had him a little bit lower before the Charbanet injury. But um I'm going to have Charbanet or Charbanet. Uh Walker, I'm going to move RB 13. Him versus Breeze versus Chase versus McCaffrey versus Yeah. I mean, I have McAffrey at 13, Henderson now at 12, Walker at 11, Bree at 10, and Chase Brown at nine. >> So, Isaac, I agree. The counterpoint though, when uh when a bigger running back that wasn't thriving on athleticism shreds his knee that late in the

postseason, like at the very minimum, Walker's going to start the year so strong. >> Yeah. No, for sure. I think I think there's a very good chance we're not looking at the same backfield split that we saw this year really ever again. Especially if Walker does get the big contract as well. I think that would, you know, put some faith in his ability to carry the offense. Not to mention the guy who was operating the offense is no longer there and maybe that was his decision to take Kenneth Walker out. We don't really know because prior to Clint Kubak getting there, Kenneth Walker had always been the starter. And yes, Charban would be somewhat annoying, but it wasn't nearly to the level that it was this year. >> Yeah. Are they promoting from within or uh what's the latest on the >> vac officially? I don't know if they have any specific um stuff at the moment saying who's going to be the offensive coordinator. Maybe people have insight on that. Um Isa in the chat here who's a

Seahawks fan. >> Yeah. Uh they're saying current staff member to fill the role is what the reports are saying. It's looking like potentially an internal internal promotion >> is what it's listed as. We'll uh we'll see what they end up doing, but like it would make sense, especially if uh Kubak brought that assistant there to begin with, you know, >> for sure. Yeah. And um K9 has struggled to handle a lot of touches. He made it through the season because of the split. I think that's a very reasonable argument for sure. >> Um but Kenneth Walker was RB1 in fantasy points per game last year. So yeah, he'd been an RB1 before and he's 25 years old, about to get a big contract. And I think that he was the type of player that needed a couple years to learn how to play in the NFL, get better as a receiver, etc. and he we're starting to see the the best version of Kenneth Walker. And I will see I I do think we'll see that for the next two to three

years. And I think that Kenneth Walker will be like a second round reddraft pick in August. And if you're getting a second round reddraft pick type of asset at 25 years old with a big contract, he's got to be a top 12 dynasty running back. >> I mean, it's basically I mean, you you have Chase Brown so ranked high because Chase Brown's like almost like the slightly better fantasy version of that, right? >> Yeah. Chase has already handled the workload. Chase is in the better, well, not the better offense, but the more fantasy friendly role in his offense. He gets the better workload. He has more receiving touches, that kind of thing. And Chase Brown is still getting better and is I think a couple months older than than Kenneth Walker, about the same age. >> Where would have Walker have finished in fantasy had he gotten like five more inside the five touches? >> Yeah. I mean, he would like, dude, if you combine the two of them, they were like 23 point per game running back.

Yeah. >> Um, so yeah, again, uh, and yes, Atomic, that one worked. So, I sent you a team review voucher there. I appreciate you for supporting us over there. Uh but yeah, we can both agree that Shad's deal is not the Coloulston Lovelin side. Uh C Lenot here. Uh Rashi Rice and Kimone Vidal for Luther Burton and Blake Cororum. Now, by my rankings, this is as dead even as it gets pretty much. I have Rice slightly higher than Burden, but Cororum is a little bit higher than Vidal. >> Yeah, I've been the pro race guy, but I'm also the pro Burton guy. So, now I'm in a little bit of a funk. But if I check my rankings, wide receiver, I have Burden at 45 and I have Rice at 58. So I am going to take the Burden plus side. And on top of that, Cororm is a guy currently on the big board that is being selected as a top 100 pick. And I would not be shocked if we started to see not only a 50/50, but potentially a backfield lean towards Cororum going forward with >> I will push back on that narrow. I don't

think that's happening. >> It was basically 5050 by the end of the year. is truly one of the best handcuffs in fantasy, but I do not see a world in which Kairen Williams and Corm are both healthy and Kairen is not the starter. >> I mean, it was basically a 50/50 down the stretch last year. >> Yeah, it it wasn't a 50/50. It was a 6040. >> Okay. >> Like I said, I think Cororm will stay in that role and maybe be like the new David Montgomery as far as like what he can be, how many spike weeks he has per like how many spike weeks per year did David Montgomery have with a healthy Jir Gibbs? four, five, maybe six spike weeks from like a best baseball perspective, but I do think he's a better in baseball asset unless Kenneth Walker go or unless Kairen Williams goes down with an injury. >> Yeah, >> in a managed league, are you going to feel extremely comfortable starting Corm? I have my doubts about that. >> I frankly think Cororm is going to prove

himself to be the better running back at some point next year. >> Yeah. And uh yes, it is to some degree, Scribbles, cuz Okay, here's the thing. next year. Could Rasheed Rice be a what is he where is he going to go in reddraft? Like 208, something like that? >> Yeah, he's going to go high. The issue that I have, though, I also don't think it's out of the question that the the Chiefs take a receiver at nine. >> Exactly. There's that. There's the possibility of Tyreek Hill being cut from the Dolphins and coming back to Kansas City as well. And there's also Rasheed Rice's long-term situation with Kansas City does not appear to me like he would be the type of receiver who would get a big time contract extension. And if he's not with the Chiefs, I'm not saying he's a terrible player or a bum or anything like that. If he's not in that role on that offense with that team who has a quarterback coming off of an ACL tear this season, how much better is

he really than like Jacobe Meyers? Like as a >> very jujuy. >> Yeah, he's a he's a good good to great player. He is not an elite player. And Burton has the upside to be an elite player, which is why I would take the burden side of this deal. >> Yeah. Now, obviously like even range of outcomes like Yeah. Rice is proven. Like if you want to take a more proven player, I understand it. It's just like that's more so also just I believe in Burden. Like it's really what it comes down to is DJ Moore is not on that Chicago Bears team. I mean Burton is already a top 50 overall pick on the big board right now. >> Yeah. And Rashi, like for what it's worth, too, Rasheed is going to be 26 years old without long-term contract stability with his third legal situation where it sounds like pre-draft people had some issues with him. Like I don't anticipate a world in which Rashi Rice gets a $35 million a year contract from Kansas City. Like I I think that is

completely outside the range of outcomes. I think that what you're getting with Rashi Rice is one more year of really great production and then he's probably a wide receiver too in whatever landing spot he goes to after that. And that is again assuming that some team wants to pay him a lot of money which might not be the smartest decision given the the legal stuff. So, yes, it's the legal stuff, but it's also the fact that his best fit, his best landing spot is to be with Kansas City, and Luther Burton is four and a half years younger than him as well. >> Yeah, exactly. Like, real talk, I know it's crazy to say given the production that we saw, but I feel way more comfortable saying that Burden can be a top 15 startup pick this time next year than I do Rashid Rice. >> Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, he's three and a half years younger. Not four and a half. I counted one more extra year, but yeah, I'll take the burden side of that deal. Um, it's tough to move off of Marvin

Harrison, but I want to diversify. So, I mean, if you have Harrison in a lot of leagues, I think this is the type of deal where I would probably feel comfortable taking it. Now, >> what's Bsby really worth like an early to mid third at best? I think if you look at Bsby as one of the better handcuffs in fantasy because I think that's probably what I would view him as um from like a a reddraft perspective next year in the fact that hey maybe he gets an interesting second contract with a new team after the 2026 season when he is a free agent. I would say that you probably don't value him as much more than like the 303 right now or something like that. But a lav I think I'd probably pay the 110 on top of Harrison to get the guaranteed producer that is a lav. Like I I I know a got concussion risk. >> Canave have 1400 yards with Tyler Shuck cuz I think he can. >> Yeah, I think he can too. And could this trade age very poorly for you where by week four is more valuable

than a Yeah, it absolutely could age very poorly for you, but it could age very poorly for him as well. if when he takes uh you know a wide receiver two or three upside tier prospect at the 2026 110 and he has Marvin Harrison who maybe never lives up to the expectations that people have for him and you just got Chris Ave who produces wide receiver 9 wide receiver 14 wide receiver 17 the next three years. >> Yeah. No, I I think it's kind of funny because >> conservative I would say it's a conservative trade like the upside is definitely on the deal on the side of the deal that you're giving up. But if you want to diversify, which is what you left in this question, which makes me think you have a lot of Marvin Harrison in your portfolio, then I would probably roll with the Alav side. >> Joe, you took that guy behind the woodshed and you gave him free shots. >> Yeah, that is that is pretty crazy. >> Like you tiered up your pick and you got the better dynasty wide receiver.

>> Yeah, I have uh I have flowers. >> I also do. >> I have flowers. >> I'm the flowers hater. >> I am the flowers. Real talk though. Harrison at wide receiver. >> The fact that his price hasn't gone up in the big board. I've been taking a lot of flowers because he's still going in like the late 40s, bro. >> Brother, we get a good Lamar season for Flowers and he's dropping 16 17 points per game. >> Well, I mean likely he's going to be gone. Like we'll see if they add a receiver in the draft, but if they don't draft like is Denzel Boston really going to hurt his value? >> Well, the the concern would be like, oh, the NFL overthinks Mai Lemon and Mai Lemon falls. Okay, that's a different story. Uh, you know, Baltimore is picking right in the range where Mai Lemon could go that I've seen him locked there a couple times, >> but but uh wouldn't that mean that there's maybe more volume to go around

if they take another first round receiver? >> Well, yeah, I think that would make a ton of sense. Um Omar Cooper is literally unlisted uh in ADP. He's like a last round pick. I know, dude. I'm tell So Mendoza is like because I told you the quarterbacks right now, there's like 15 quarterbacks going in like the top 100 picks. It's insane. Mendoza goes a little after that. He's like the 12th 13th round. If you drafted Bowers in the second, you could just make such a cheap effective [ __ ] Raider stack right now. It's insane because Omar Cooper, like I said, is listed in the 200s. >> Well, when I go to I'm going to Vancouver for my brother's bachelor party in March. Um hopefully he stays that cheap. And I have a feeling he won't because he'll probably test very well. >> I'm I'm hoping I'm hoping that I can get to all those late round picks before his price raises >> for sure. >> So I can take them. I might have a he

might be the Travis Hunter for >> like this time of year is some of the more profitable time to be doing drafts because you know baseball mania like the amount of coverage it gets the amount of streaming people out there there are the the ADP is quite efficient. I think there's some major inefficiencies with big board ADP when I look back at like me getting Coulson Lovelin at like pick 191 on my big board team that advanced to the semi-finals or whatever and getting Harold Fannon at pick 230 or something I got like I'm like that shouldn't have happened even at the time like people knew that Lovelin and Fannon were two of the top three prospects at the tight end position. How are they going that late in drafts? >> No, exactly. Like some of the stuff I'm seeing like full transparency. So, Omar Cooper, Omar 21 211.9 ADP right now. >> Yeah, that's crazy. That's crazy. Um, let's do Turp's trade question here before we get into these team reviews.

And again, if anybody wants uh we got a decent amount of likes. Let me check the like number here on this stream here. We got 30 likes. Um, let's see if we can get there. 72 of you guys watching right now. Let's see if we can get this to 40 likes and we'll give away three more trade questions uh to other people and maybe another team review if you ask nicely. Um, R.J. Harvey and CD Lamb for Genty and Chase Brown. Danny, which side do you like here? >> R.J. and Lamb for Genty and Brown. >> I want Genty and Brown. I don't even think it's close. >> Um, >> as much as Lamb is great, obviously. I just think him and Genty are not that far apart in value. >> Yeah. I mean, so the difference between 36 spots between 52 and 88 versus eight in the second round. Yeah. I it's probably Genty and Brown, but like I I think this probably a pretty fair deal. >> I just if I made this deal and I sold I bought >> the upside trying to trade Harvey as soon as I make

this deal. You know what I mean? Like if you if you could tell me I for sure could trade Harvey for like top seven. >> Harvey is the issue here. >> Yeah. If I could trade him for top 70 dynasty asset value, then maybe you go with the CD Lamb side if you need wide receivers. I see two running backs who are going to be top eight running backs in reddraft ADP next year who are going to be two to threeyear, four, fiveyear for Genty projectable volume guys. >> If this was Genty and Chase Brown for CD in a late first this year, like that would be like I I personally would take the late first right now over RJ Harvey. >> Yeah, I like I don't think Lamb is more liquid than Genty to be honest. I think they're about the same level of liquidity. I think Lamb's more liquid, but I also understand the fact that with with Clint Kubak there, like Genty, Gent is going to be a top 12 to 15 reddraft pick. >> I think in sharp leagues, Genty is more liquid because every team could use

Genty. Whereas only the contenders can use Lamb. And I think in most sharp leagues, people expect Genty to rebound, whereas in casual leagues, I could see people saying, "Hey, I know Lamb's a great player. I don't know Genty's a great player." No, I I I I do think uh Lamb is more liquid than Genty overall, but the difference between Brown and Harvey is bigger. >> Yes. Yeah, definitely. >> So, I I I'll take the Genty and Brown side. And uh I am as high of a Lamb guy as you'll get. >> I might need to move Genty up my rankings based on how I'm just talking about him compared to the like because I think he he should belong within the territory of some of those wide receivers. I think stylistically I've been considered moving up above around wide receivers, but stylistically I think this season there is a very clear hierarchy of elite running backs versus the wide receiver position is much deeper, especially given the draft class we're about to get at wide receiver.

>> I just moved him above HN in my dynasty rankings. >> Yeah. Like I'm I'm sitting here going gun like gun to my head. I'm on the clock. I know like I'm let's say I'm in a sharp room understands what they're doing or whatever. Who do I want to take at the 203 or 202 or whatever that these guys would be going? I think I would take Genty because I think he's a bigger advant over Lamb >> because I think he's a bigger advantage to my build. He maintains my flexibility a little bit better and he's such a high-end running back that I can build either contend or rebuild around him. Whereas the second I pick Lamb, I'm kind of pigeonhold a little bit more so into into contending. >> I can't do that. But I also have Genty ranked at 17 and Lamb at 11. So >> yeah, and it was more of a I have Genty ranked too low as opposed to Lamb ranked too high. I have them now at 13 and 14 respectively with >> like same goes for like Jeremiah too.

Like I think Jeremiah is right in that conversation. >> Lamb at 14. >> Yeah. >> Oh man, >> it it's more so like I'm >> very well have better he could very well have a better year than Puka, JSN, or Chase. And that's a full >> I don't think it's possible for him to do that with Pickkins there. I >> I think that his ceiling of 2023 that we saw where he was like clearly the best receiver in fantasy. I don't think that exists with Pickkins there anymore. >> I I frankly disagree. He was the one from a volume perspective, he just got unlucky in terms of touchdowns. Like he dropped four or five in the end zone. Like I don't think his ceiling is any different right now, especially when you know Dak's going to be playing at the level he is. >> Yeah. >> I just I just I frankly the market has him at 67 overall, too. So the market agrees with me there. >> Yeah, of course. I mean, the market on our site has him 11th overall, according

to what I'm seeing here. >> I am at 11th. So, like, it's not even like I'm being outrageous. >> I I personally I I just think that I if you think Genty is going to bounce back, then should be ranked higher. If you I don't know for sure. I'm like a little hesitant on the town of Genty, then yes, take Lamb ahead of him. Um I >> like I feel very very confident that he's gonna have a much better >> I do think Jetti is going to bounce back but also me thinking he's going to bounce back doesn't automatically think he can put him or doesn't automatically make me put him over a guy I think can be the wide receiver one next year >> right that's the difference I guess between us >> I so I first of all I don't think that I don't think he can be the wide receiver one let's say >> Lamb finishes top five >> he can give you 1700 yards and 10 touchdowns very easily next year >> I don't think he can with pickings there

anymore >> I very easily think he He was averaging 100 yards per game when he was healthy last year. >> Okay. Who's a receiver that you think can get 1510 touchdowns next year? Drake London. >> I mean, outside of those four guys with Lamb, JSN, Chase, and uh Puka, like I think that would be wishful thinking for anybody else. I really do. >> Okay. But I was a cowboy in how I think of Lamb where it's like his ceiling is probably more 1510 as opposed to 1714 or whatever he had in 2023. >> Yeah, he had nearly 1812 in 2023. >> I just don't think he can do that again with Pickkins there. >> I agree to disagree. >> Too good for him to do that in my opinion. >> He was out he was out over 95 yards per game when he was healthy this year. I mean, I'll take it. >> Um Pickkins is gonna >> So what's too far gone? He's done it before. He's clearly being valued that way on the best. >> The circumstances where he did it are

different, Danny. >> Sure. Sure. But again, the market agrees with me. So why am I a homer for going with that, too? >> I I the market agree with you that he has a wide receiver one overall ceiling still. >> Well, he wouldn't be going six overall if that wasn't in the range of outcome. >> He's not going six overall, though. I don't know where you're seeing that. >> He is. What are you talking about? On the big board, he absolutely is going >> on the big board. On reraft, sorry, I thought you were talking about a dynasty ADP. >> Um, sorry, I said 67. Um yeah, like again you guys are [ __ ] ridicul dude. You can that's fine. Um that's fine. You said you said your piece and then you you got a little personal, but that's fine. Um how is it homering for for preferring a guy that's literally top seven in ADP right now? Like explain that to me. >> I you you can prefer him. Oh, I don't think it's homering to prefer him over

Genti. I just think to say to say that he still has wide receiver one overall upside. >> I see I disagree. Chase was the wide receiver won overall with T. Higgins being top five in points per game. Like why can't he do that? >> Better than Lamb. >> I mean, he's better, but they're both top three to five guys. >> I know. Maybe Higgins and P and Pickins are pretty close for sure. >> No, Tom, you're I appreciate that. I just I don't understand why everybody's all poo pooing on CD Lamb now. Like, he's very clearly a >> We're not poo pooing on CD Lamb. We're saying that wide receiver one overall upside is a little >> but a top three to five NFL wide receiver talent and a pass happy offense that's been top five in passing anytime Dak's been healthy. Yeah, I think he absolutely could be the wide receiver one. >> D I share the same sentiment. It's the the >> again Chase did it in >> exist with Pickkins there. That's just

my opinion. >> Chase did it in 2024 and Lamb was clearly the dominant target player on that offense last year. Pickings was awesome in his own right. Hey, guess what? It's a concentrated offense. both can eat. >> Yeah, for sure. Anyways, let's get back to the question. >> It's a conversation though. Like I understand >> conversation. >> And again, I'm not saying I'm going to rank him above Puka, JSN, or Chase. Just like I I think the sentiment of thinking he can't clearly be the wide receiver one to me is um I don't know. Like I don't know why people think differently of CD Lamb now. >> Well, most people in this chat do think differently of that. >> Well, I mean, we we've we've had it about 50/50. Uh >> no one said, "Yeah, he could finish wide receiver one overall." I mean I mean Tom and Scribbles are are are agreeing. Um yeah. >> Oh yeah. Anyways, let's keep going. >> Yeah. I mean again it's a conversation

that needs to be had and I do think the market he it's like for reference in terms of wide receiver rankings NFL JSN uh is at 5.2. Sorry. Lamb is at eight but he's in a tier with two other people at 678. Um JSN's at five. Chase is at 3.7. Puke is at 2.6. A Monro would be next here though. Like we're not reddraft here. >> No, I know. Uh A Monro we'd be next to A Monro. I don't have too far behind. I think I have him at 13 or 14. I just think again like Yeah, it's 26 27 years old. Like they're older players relative to what they were on the market a few years ago. But trusting a guy that can give you 1500 plus yards, 10 plus touchdowns each and every year, I don't think should be overstated. >> Um >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Again, like I agree it's less likely with Pickkins there, but I I don't think the sentiment is he can't be wide receiver one. It's like Yeah. Like it's more likely he could be the wide receiver one if Pickkins wasn't there.

I'll agree with that. I just don't think saying that he can't be wide receiver one is accurate. >> That's funny. >> Uh we're not even accurate on or arguing honestly like I have I'm pretty calm right now. >> Yeah. No, it it's it's an interesting discussion. I I personally think that 10 years down the road, we'll look back, 2023 will have been the best season of CD Lamb's career. >> It very well could be. Doesn't mean he can't still be the wide receiver one this year cuz the year that he had in 2023 was better than Chase's in 2024. And I don't think anybody would be shocked to say 2024 Chase would be his peak either. >> Well, if you recall, Higgins missed five games that year. >> Yeah. >> So, I mean, I I'd be curious to know what Chase's points per game output were when Higgins was on the field and when he wasn't. Um, I think I did that in the contextualized game logs is about even.

>> Anyways, let's just keep going. >> Yeah. No, it's good conversation. >> Okay. Rebuild me up. Buttercup, great name there. Um, doesn't have any specific questions here, so we'll just kind of go through it. The team is looking pretty fierce. I can't lie. You got a bunch of young running backs. Um, obviously we've expressed some concern with some of them on this stream today between Henderson and Harvey. We've talked about some of the the possible downside risk of some of those players, but the wide receiver core is an absolute wagon. I think having anytime you can have like to me on a competitive team like this, Travis Hunter is like the perfect wide receiver four or five because you and I both believe in the ability to to be like a super high upside guy, but I wouldn't want him wide receiver two or three either. You know what I mean? >> I found this interesting. Uh, guess where his ADP is on the big board right now? >> Uh, where?

>> 140. I am going to take so much of him that round. >> Yeah, that's pretty odd. I didn't realize he'd be that low. I thought he'd be more like eighth round or something. >> Well, Parker Washington is going in the 60s and 70s right now. And I'm like, >> that is the most brain damaged ADP I've ever heard. >> And I'm thinking in my head, I'm like, we've already got confirmation from Lawrence and Con. Like, yeah, sure. Is it a little bit more unclear of a situation right now on offense? They both kind of address that like, yeah, we're going to be using Travis Hunter both ways, but they have never once diminished his value on offense this all often. >> No, I'm Parker Washington in the 60s is so bad. That is so bad. That is horrific. ADP. >> Yeah, let me see where it is exactly. >> A fine player, but like did we not learn our lesson from like Darnell Mooney last year where people were taking him in

like the 70s and 80s? >> 72.180p. Sorry, correction for Parker Washington. It's even higher than Jacobe Myers, who I would take Jacobe Myers over. >> Yeah. Like, what the hell are we talking about, dude? Like, Park, okay, Parker, you can have a nice little stretch at the end of the season and be a relevant, you know, I would have expected his ADP to be like 94 or something like that. >> Like, it may be one thing if I said, "Yeah, like based off how we finished the year and I'm a little bit more worried about the defensive usage, like I would prefer Parker to Travis." Like, okay, if that was your sentiment, so be it. >> I don't care. I I wouldn't. So, so I would not, but I'm just saying if somebody was of that mindset, I would at least give them a pass. A 70 pick discrepancy, you're that certain. >> Nobody with two eyeballs that are working can tell me that Parker Washington's better than Travis Hunter at football. Like, you just And again,

we're not talking about a third round pick here. We're talking about a seventh round pick. So, would you swing for upside in the seventh round? I think all of us would say in reddraft, we would swing for upside, especially in a huge tournament like the big board. So, why the hell would you take Parker Washington there instead of Travis Hunter? But we'll just we'll take the discounts >> for reference. The the guys he's directly behind Travis Hunter, Kahan Booty, Rasheed Shahed, Romeo Dobs. >> I mean, I actually like Dobs at that price tag, too. Um, but >> Debo Samuel >> higher than those guys for sure. >> Jaden Higgins, Matthew Golden. >> I don't mind Higgins at that price either. >> Juanale's 30 picks ahead of him. He's not even gonna be a Giant next year. >> He might. We don't know. I mean, with Harball >> again, we we can both recognize that Hunter has more risk to play defense than we had before, but also recognize

that anybody with two eyeballs will see that he's the best receiver or at least the second best receiver on the team come training camp there. Liam, you think Liam Cohen's going to go out there and go, "Yeah, I realize you're absolutely filleting our entire secondary right now, but um Parker Washington needs his reps, >> dude." Freaking um Trevor Lawrence literally said, too, he's like, "Yeah, we want him on the field. We I I selfishly want him to play offense is basically what he said in the quote because uh by the way, shout out Matt Harmon. He was there uh asking a bunch of questions with the all the NFL players. I'm not sure if you saw that. And basically like he basically like asked about like the role of Hunter in his second year and they're like our plan hasn't changed. Like we want to use this guy both on offense and defense. And Liam was like basically saying he's like I've never once seen that guy get tired. And it's might it might be the

craziest phenomenon I've ever seen. This guy can be playing all snaps >> no one talks about. Why can't he do both like he did his entire college career? >> Well, exactly. It's like the guy's playing all snaps of all games and Liam Con basically said, "I have never once seen him break a sweat in a game." >> I know. And it's not like he had like a hamstring injury that flared up and it was a nagging thing the whole time. He suffered like a freakish knee injury in practice. But that's the thing about the injury he suffered is that now people are going to say it's because he was trying to play both sides of the ball. >> Oh, see I told you he can't he couldn't hold up. Bobby didn't even last till week 10. It's like suffered a freak injury in [ __ ] practice. If that's really what you want, then so be it. The reason why that happened to begin with is cuz I rostered him in the Flock League. I mean, it's evidenced by the

fact that as soon as I got rid of Kenneth Walker, he's a Super Bowl MVP. >> Yeah, he was pretty decent down the stretch there. I can't lie. Um, anyways, moving to this team that we have here. I don't see any glaring weaknesses. The obvious thing in my opinion is, okay, 102, that's a a super high-end pick, but I want Jeremiah Love on this team based on the rest of the build. >> Like, take 102. Would you give up 102 and 10? Let's see who has the 101. >> 102 and Harvey for [ __ ] love. I do that every single time. >> All day. I was going to see who exactly has the 101 cuz I'm curious. Okay, so this guy has the 101. He's definitely in kind of limbo right now. Like he has Barkley and like Walker and some of these like aging guys. I I would imagine this guy assumes he can compete and I would say maybe he can. So this guy might be hesitant to give up Jeremiah. Um >> offer 102 Harvey. He might go I get a running back and I also get Mai Lemon

and I could maybe use some or you know Carnell Tate or maybe Mendoza or whoever he would prefer at 102. I would float that offer out there, but I think it's very possible that this guy goes I'm not trading off of Jeremiah Love because you know he thinks his team would compete. >> Yeah, I pretty much agree with you there. Obviously the your the team that you have I mean the fact that you have 102 and 107 along with as much depth as you have specifically very very encouraging. You have your wide receivers basically sorted for the long term especially if some of the upside plays really work out. The fact that you have Chase London Waters like your secure guys with Burden and Hunter being your complete upside shots. Man, I love the way that wide receiver core is filled out. Um I didn't catch who he had a tight end. Uh he had Gatson and Ferguson perfectly fine duo. even too. >> Uh yeah, Kelsey, I believe there's a report he might try to come back for one more year, so we'll see what happens

there. Uh Barner, of course, big athlete, plays on the line of scrimmage, too. We really saw what he was able to do after the catch. I was always a fan of him coming out of Michigan. I I question like what's his overall top end ceiling as a receiver, but I think he really truly broke out this year. So, I'm curious to see how >> it was always Barner first touchdown in the Super Bowl, dude. It was always >> I should have bet it, man. I should have bet it. I thought about So, I had cuz if you recall like three years ago, the the huge parlay that I hit for like $3,500 was Jaylen Herz's first touchdown, Cadarius Tony anytime touchdown and then Jaylen Herz 250 plus passing yards in that game. I structured a parlay this year on one first touchdown score for the Patriots and I picked Drake May and one first touchdown score on the Seahawks and I picked Rasheed Shahed unfortunately. But I I wanted I was like do I go Barner Cup or Shahed? I wanted to go with a secondary pass catcher of

the Seahawks. I just didn't know which one to go with and I was like I could see Shahed getting behind the defense early and he did actually. He just they uh thrower like >> Gonzo made the play. No, >> right. Yes. Gonzalez made the play on him. Yeah, that's what it was. >> So, uh I put $10 on New England Patriots defense first first touchdown and I'm not sure if you remember in the first drive or the second drive of the Seahawks they literally almost jumped the pass and and picked it off. Yeah, I mean >> almost scored a 75 yard touchdown on the first drive as well um on the overthrow that that Darnold had. But yeah, um one thing I would say really quick before we move on to the next team. >> By the way, too, I mentioned this uh this was I was alluding to um Gatston currently top 180P and honestly with [ __ ] Mike McDaniel there and you talked about the upside with Fanin and obviously I talked about it with Lovelin, but like Gaston's got a [ __ ]

ton of upside himself. Keenan Allen pro probably gone too. Those little middle of the field, you know, valuable chunk targets, layup targets in the offense. And I mean, Mike McDaniel turns tight ends to gold. So, >> I wouldn't count on Keenan Allen being gone. That would be my one push back. >> But even if he is back though, I think his role is diminished. I don't think cuz Mike McDana relies upon his tight ends more so in the middle of the field than he does wide receivers. But I I I could see Keenan being a pest for sure for for McConi and and my like I I might be stunned, but the guy that I'm going to have the most shares of is Quinton Johnston for sure. >> Oh, yeah. >> Is the biggest beneficiary of >> What do you think his ADP is? Let me ask you. >> Um I can tell you because I have it, but guesses >> Oh, okay. So, you're going to have even more than you expected because it's at 87. >> Yeah. No, that's that's like where Keon

Coleman was going last year, give or take. >> Yeah. So, for reference, the range right now >> QJ's going was going there I think last year. >> QJ's going after Diggs. I I don't know if I can do that. I'm scared Diggs a receiver is going to get added and b his body might just might frankly break down. Um Alec Pierce again tentative. We'll see where he ends up going if he's back on the Colts if he goes somewhere nice and free agency. I've been taking a good amount of stabs with him. The one that I've been grabbing a ton of shares though um is Ricky Pearaw at 77 because his price didn't even go up and I would argue the overall situation there who's going to get targets on the 49ers. >> I feel better about Persaw's ability as well than I did last year. Not by like a ton because I still think there's some stuff to be proven there. But I would argue that Psaw before he got hurt was starting to prove that like he was going

to end up being a value where he went. Like I think a lot of people like Sammy or you know some of the people that took him in like the sixth round or seventh round >> after week three or so they were probably like I feel pretty good about this pick >> bro they they let's just say they add like more of like a bigbodied ex Jawan Jennings replacement or they bring Jawan Jennings back. Let's just say hypothetically like Persaw it would be one wide receiver Der Jennings plus Jake Tongus and Christian McCaffrey to compete for targets with. >> Yeah I mean they could they could easily bring Jennings back and also draft Omar Cooper Denzel Boston. That would be the bad bad scenario. But even still, KD's not in the equation. >> Yeah. Yeah, that's fair. Or at least I mean, we don't know for sure on KD. He could come back and he's he could be a freak show and just, you know, be back for week one or whatever. But yeah, nothing add about this team aside from

the fact that I would would go big game hunting at running back was the only other thing I was going to say. Take Bucky plus the 107, go big game hunting at running back. Take Trevon plus the 102, go big game hunting at running back. I would go after Bejon. I would go after Gibbs. I would go after the 101 as we already talked about. I would go after Genty. I I like this is the type of team where yes, you have a lot of great players, but I'm consolidating specifically at running back because I think there's a lot of risk underlying with the the running backs that you do have. It's possible Bucky has somebody significant added like Algier. It's possible Henderson doesn't escape the the clause of Reandre Stevenson anytime soon. It's possible Judkins is slow coming back from the injury. And it's possible Harvey has somebody added from the from the uh free agency cycle as well. So that would be my only thing is consolidate at running back. At least try and secure one hammer if you can.

Whether it's Love, whether it's Bejon, Gibbs, Genty, whoever. >> So this is the other part, too, because I guess we didn't really address it. Um the market is basically treating the Jaguars like Travis ETN's not going to be back. >> Like currently on the big board, >> are they Tuton's going in the top 75? >> Oh, that is a horrendous pick. That is a horrendous pick. I think it's >> I've taken one or two shares simply because of the upside. >> We've heard that. >> Huh? We've heard ETN might not be back. So I don't think that it's outrageous to assume that he might not be back. >> Well, that's why I have to take a few snaps at that range. >> You know what I mean? >> But so let me say too, like that's why I've taken a couple shares on that at that range. Like I would agree like if he's back, it's obviously a horrible [ __ ] pick. But also, it's like they did draft Hutton with the G with the new

ownership or not ownership with the new GM with the new coach. The plan was always going to be a year two play. if they were to lose ETN, like they might just think, hey, we got Toutin as our between the tackles guy. We got Laquin Allen on third down. Maybe we add another, you know, Tutin backup to this situation. Like, I can see that being the case. But I would agree with you, like all things considered, like it is a Singy Price. But with that being said, if Tuten is going to be the back going forward, like where would he go? Fifth round, fourth round. >> Yeah, he would go he would go really high. I It's a ton of confidence. If you're a competitive team that nearly made a run last year and you roll with Belle Tutin as your starting running back with no real major backup plan, I would say that they must feel exceptionally good about Belle Tutin at that point. And I would buy him that that's how they treated the situation. But I don't think they feel that way about Belle Tutin currently. So that's

why I'm saying like I think if they let ETN walk, they could bring in an Algier. They could bring in a Javvante Williams. They could bring in a Rico D. They could like whether it's or they could even go, hey, we're a competitive team. We got money to spend. We're going to go get Bree Hall or Kenneth Walker or something like that. >> Yeah. No, we'll see what ends up happening. But >> oh god, if they had Bree Hall, I would literally jizz my pants, dude. I think Bree Hall would be a [ __ ] top five running back in reddraft if that happened. >> Hey Pixar, it didn't happen. If if ET if ETN ETN walks and Bree Hall gets a three by 45 for the Jacksonville Jaguars, where does Bruce Hall go in reddraft? >> Top 15. >> I would take him in the top eight. >> I think you could argue him over like the Jonathan Taylor Devon Aan range. >> I would take him over Jonathan Taylor any day of the week. >> Yeah, >> he has a 100 target upside for a player

we've already taken in the top five before and we know he has the talent to do that. Uh yeah, but I mean Bruce Hall three down skill set, very very high end offense, very strong offensive line. >> Please, for the love of God, please for the love of God, let's get Bree Hall out of the [ __ ] Jets. >> Please get him out. >> Yeah, for those of you that heard me, uh you can appreciate that >> there's a lot of great spot. This is why I know Bree Hall is going to a great spot is I can name seven teams that are a great fit for him right now and I know he's getting a bag because of it. Well, yeah, I mentioned it to you, but like realistically, if the cost difference between going out for a big fish or signing Javvante Williams is 3 by9 for Javvante or 3x14 for Bree Hall, just pay the extra few million dollars, man. Go get the game changer. Like, if you're Dallas, realistically, uh because like the the the biggest misconception >> is, and if you guys, by the way, I'm not

sure if you tried the new uh tool that Co tweeted out tweeted that that got tweeted out. It was the um like the be a GM tool where you can kind of like take over. >> So, uh >> all you have to do because people are like, "Oh, the Cowboys have no cap space. 30 million over the cap." >> You just go and use that tool. You restructure all the big contracts that the Cowboys have like Dak, like [ __ ] Tyler Smith, like CD Lamb, OSA, like all those guys, the ones that are going to be on your team for the next five, six plus years. What happens, Corey? You open up cap. You know how much cap the Cowboys can freaking open up? 60 to$70 million. >> Yeah. No, they can open up a lot of cap there. Like I said, there's so many fits all over the NFL for Bree, whether it's Kansas where he played high school, um Titans where Robert Salah is, uh Cardinals where Mike Lafleur is, like he's got a lot of connections around the league. And I do think that there's

going to be a hu like teams are going to stack up. They're okay, we need a running back. Who are the best available options? Okay, Jeremiah Love is probably the ideal option because he's younger and he doesn't have a lot of tread on the tires relative to Bruce Hall. But I think that Bree Hall will be number two on everybody's list unless it's Kenneth Walker. That would be my only other thing. But like, yes, they he's gonna get a bag. Anyways, let's move into ambiguity thing here and then uh we'll get to you, Atomic. Sorry, we'll stop yapping. Um, yep. Uh, I'm assuming >> ambiguity here. One second. I'm getting a phone call. >> Yeah, B's a mecha dance. Can you click into his team for me and I can I can talk some I can talk some if you click. Okay, so we see the team right now. A wide receiver, you have Malik Neighbors, Tedo McMillan, and Mike Buuka. Very strong value core, I would say, at wide receiver. Running backs, I mean, you got

both youth and production at the top there. Genty, Hampton, Henderson as more of like an upside piece. I mean, that's a really well- constructed core. Quarterback two is going to be your issue. It is a two quarterback start. >> Don't forget about quarterback three because he can't play. >> Um, >> JJ just I JJ's so cooked, man. I just I I would try and get off that asset. It's just so impossible to do it because there's nobody who likes him. >> He says, "The league is locked until March. We have a blackout period to prevent burnout. I'm considering seeing if I would send the 101 to 103 and then use my 104 to go to 102 and grab love. I think the league favors quarterbacks, but honestly, this is the first year the team destroyed by injuries. He wants to compete." Okay. So, you would move to the 101 to the 103 just to move up from the 104 to the 102. Like, what's the point of that? >> Yeah, I don't think there's a point of

that. I would rather just if I were in your position to be honest with you and we already kind of talked about this a little bit. I would go 101 Jeremiah Love 104 presumably >> hopefully Mendoza. >> I mean hopefully Mendoza but if you can't get Mendoza you could always trade that asset for a quarterback. >> Do you trade question can you can you trade T-Mac for a quarterback then and use the 104 on Tate or Lemon if Mendoza goes before your pick? >> Yeah, that's that's a good point. You could definitely do that. You could also like take Trevon and go after a quarterback as well based on the fact that you'll have Jeremiah, Genty, and Hampton as your top three running back. >> Also got two ones in 2027 from LeBron James and Tony Stank. We'll see where their uh picks kind of look as if you go down. LeBron James and Tony Stank. >> Uh LeBron James. So, they got pretty good teams. >> A high pick or a low pick, sorry. And >> probably going to be mid to late ones.

>> Yeah, they're going to be mid to late ones, but they're nice picks to have still because the class should be pretty deep. I would imagine you're going to get some like RB1 upside prospect, wide receiver, one upside prospect type of prospect to your guys at those late picks given the class strength. >> Did he get did he get the 104 after going eight and six? Am I reading that right? >> I guess. Yeah. 10 and four, 12-2, 12- two, eight and six and four. Yeah, he didn't make the playoffs. And uh >> yeah, he got the 104 off for going eight and six. >> One, two, three, four. No, that's not possible. he had the fifth best record. >> Maybe there was like a lottery for like nonplayoff >> team lottery for non-playoff teams. Um but yeah, I I think that yeah, making the 102 to 103 grab just doesn't make any sense because I think if you're like, okay, I need Fernando at 104 and you don't get Fernando, like Danny said, you could always maneuver McMillan for a

quarterback or some other asset like I said with Henderson for a quarterback or trade 104 for a quarterback. like what tier of like if you were in his situation >> Mendoza you're you're deciding between Mai Lemon let's say or Carnell Tate and trading that pick away for uh Trevor Lawrence >> pretty yeah I mean if you can get the Lawrence Herbert or Herz I definitely would I would even be willing to like Pretty Dart >> like probably like my threshold absolute minimum would be Knicks and even that I'm like I would prefer the 104 to Knicks especially knowing that like he he fractured his ankle at the end of the at the last game. Like that's a little bit concerning too. >> Like you can start slow. >> Um but like you know back end of the top 12 type of range, if you can get even higher than that, you can go to the mid-range of the quarterback run rankings. >> I would do it in a heartbeat. Like honestly though, like I'm looking at the

overall uh average in terms of sight. Trevor Lawrence is listed at 33.57 and I have him as my quarterback eight in dynasty. So, I don't think it's farfetched to say the 104 could probably get you about Trevor Lawrence. >> Yeah, that's what I'm saying. And like worst case scenario, you're talking Dart and Bo Knicks and those guys. And if you can get a small plus on top of them, I would definitely do that. >> No, I think that makes sense. Uh, he also says, uh, max points for I out coach people. I had the fourth lowest max points. Oh, you were you were cooking. Okay, so he got to eight and six despite having the fourth max four. That makes sense, >> right? That's that's tippy. That that means he had what was he here? 14. >> Get the most out of your this two and 12 team. Sorry. No, this uh these guys still have I guess it's max points for not total four. Yeah, it's max points for that's not showing there. Okay. Anyways, either way,

>> he was efficient. >> I uh a couple people have suggested in the chat to like, oh, would you trade down from 101 to get Mendoza plus? Hell no, dude. Jeremiah's I'm going to be like just blanket statement. I'm gonna be way more likely to go up to 101 from 102 and 105 area than I am gonna be trading back from 101 just based on what I think of Jeremiah Love the player. >> Wait, this is this is what you got for the 101. You gave up scap plus the 103 to Yeah, give me 101 every time. >> Yeah, that's a great move. I mean Scat's a fine piece, but yeah, that's a great move. >> Yeah, all day. Um >> all day. Yeah, I mean >> I want 101 there. >> Yeah, it's very clear what your weakness is. It's quarterback two. If you believe in McCarthy, then it's not quarterback three. I don't. So, I would say quarterback three is a weakness for you. >> Well, at least in this window, you can just say, "Hey, I'm cool with running

McCarthy as my three for this year." And worst case scenario, you have two ones next year and a three next year. Again, if you if you are able to get a quarterback this year, I would be willing to um go up and get it like you said, like a Trevor Lawrence, maybe it cost you to get up to Mendoza. That's fine. Like quarterback three is the least of my worries in the short term. Let's just be perfectly clear. Can I posture a trade here just because I want to talk about this player? >> Willis. >> Yeah. Would you give this guy his own one back for Malik Willis plus something small? >> Depends uh what that something small is. Can you get Can you give him I mean >> it's going to be a late one. Can you give him his late one for Willis plus a two? Plus that two maybe because he's willing to give it. >> Do does Benson intrigue you at all? Does DJ Moore Parker Washington intrigue you at all? Yeah, I think I would prefer uh getting the two just from your spot to be

liquidated. >> 271, I don't really want to trade a 27-1 period right now. >> Like >> I like if if you if someone said I would pay a first round pick for Malik Willis, I'm assuming they mean 109 to 112 this year, not a mid to late projected first rounder next year for Malik Willis. >> Wait, are you the other side of the trade, Arthur? >> Uh you are too low on Willis. Tell me how you >> I don't think I don't think we're too low on Willis. >> So, I've seen reported that Willis is going to get Justin Fields's contract. Until he gets more than that, then I'm not going to adjust my stance on him. If he gets bigger than a Justin Fields contract, I will adjust to the point that yeah, Malik Willis versus Cam Ward and Bryce Young as a conversation because if that happens, he gets that kind of contract, then obviously the fantasy relevance of him is is definitely worth it. But I'm curious to see what NFL teams think of him. Is he a

bridge or is he a solution? Does a team go we're giving him starter money to be our starting quarterback? >> Well, like Arthur, like if you think we're low on him, um we have him significantly higher than the rest of the site does. >> Yeah, dude. I have him. He's my quarterback 25, man. >> Yeah. Honestly, I had him at 26 below Daniel Jones, but with the Achilles, I probably would take Malik Willis. >> I'm Daniel Jones pilled. I have Daniel Jones ahead of him still. >> You have Kyler lower probably? >> No, I have Kyler at 23. Who do you have lower? >> The tier is No, you know who I have lower. The tier is >> You don't have Tyler Shuck lower. >> Yeah, I have Malik Willis. >> You have Shuck too low, man. You >> like Chuck. I like Chuck, but I I would prefer Malik Willis. >> He's like a top 18 quarterback in ADP and they're going to add an offensive piece at eight, man. >> Yeah, you're too low on Shuck.

>> I'm not. Anyways, >> you're too low. >> THC said he wants to he wants to get his team breaking down before we we go too long on this. Anyways, he knows he's got to fix QB2 ambiguity and he's got a lot of avenues to do it, but I am absolutely not going to trade out of Jeremiah Love. I want him. I would probably see what you can get for Henderson or McMillan depending on the situation there because you do need a quarterback help. And if you don't get Mendoza at 104, I think the best course of action will be to trade one of those guys for a quarterback or to trade 104 for the quarterback. >> Let me ask you this question because obviously in an even world like fine, keep neighbors. That's that's that's cool. If the offer was neighbors for Caleb straight up in this spot, you take Caleb >> in this situation >> in on his team. If you could get Caleb straight up for neighbors, let's just say hypothetically. Again, we'll see who

has Caleb, what their quarterback core looks like, but that's just hypothetical. >> Um, let me just find him. >> Not going to do that because he won't have that much firepower at quarterback after, but he could because of his wide receiver core. He also has Burden and Odun and Lovelin. So, I don't think he would trade >> Caleb in that situation. >> Um, I I would also take Caleb over Neighbors. And uh, yeah, >> this guy has every stacking piece of the Bears. I doubt he's trading Caleb Williams. He has Odun Bergland. >> Ju just a hypo hypothetical I thought given the current ranges like maybe that name is >> I think I offered you Herbert straight up for neighbors. Would you do it? >> Um, I so I have neighbors ranked above Herbert, but if you can get a little plus added, I'm cool with doing it. >> Yeah, like if he gave me >> I I agree, guys. For what it's worth, I do have Caleb over Neighbors. It was just kind of poking the question.

>> If he gave me like Herbert and Jordan Addison for Neighbors, I would probably do it. >> I mean, like, or like maybe he even gives you um Herbert >> I probably take a running back over Jordan in his spot. >> What I was going to say is what if he gives you Herbert plus Fannon for Craft and >> I have Craft higher than you do. >> Okay. Well, I I prefer I prefer Craft. >> Um >> or maybe maybe he trades you Lovel. I mean, if he does that, what if he tra because he has all these bears. What if he gives you Lovelin plus Herbert for uh Craft and Neighbors? And I would even for that >> easily. I would do that in a heartbeat. >> Anyways, that is just some postering. Let's move on to the next team here. >> Uh THC. I mean, what are you what are you getting YOUR PANTIES IN? YOU'RE [ __ ] 20,000 points ahead. >> Double the value of everyone else. You have [ __ ] Chase JS. You wanted us to brag about it a little bit. Be honest.

Be honest. This is a bra team. I'm not sure if you can see any see trades. I've been spicy. Uh can >> we cannot >> We can see recent trades. Yeah. >> You got Monty for two threes. Yeah, sure. I mean, in your spot, does does [ __ ] paying a couple threes really matter? Like you losing two threes the equivalent of Bill Gates leaving a couple dimes in in his car? >> Yeah. I don't know if we want to be talking about Bill Gates these days. Um >> Oh, is there something negative that I'm missing? >> Bro, he's like all over the Epstein files. Like all >> I did not even see that. Christ, >> Bill Gates is getting buried in the file. >> You're seeing the theory now that [ __ ] Epstein's living in Israel. >> Oh my god. Anyway, >> saw that, right? >> Down this rabbit hole cuz THC said he had to go. Um, so this team is goated. Obviously, this is an absolute wagon of a team. The only weakness you could

point to is maybe some running back depth. If you dealt with injuries, like if Gibbs were to miss time or Hampton were to miss time or whatever, you'd be a little short changed at the running back position. So, let me posture this question. You have the 105. The 105 for us right now is Jordan Tyson, right? >> Yeah. >> I would say it's probably not going to be Mendoza, but that would kind of almost work in your favor if it was because you have May Burrow and Herz. So, you could probably sell the asset Fernando Mendoza at a high cost because him falling to 105 is probably not going to be common, I would imagine, in a lot of people's leagues. Um, I would be willing to sell this 105 instead of just taking Tyson or whatever for another running back. >> Yeah. Go honest to God throw 105 lad maki and I mean [ __ ] Sam Leaporta if he somehow still has value in your league given the back stuff. Leaporta Maki 105. How close did that get you to Jeremiah Love? Like how close?

>> Yeah. Well, he said I'm going after the 101. Like let's see how >> this guy probably. No. >> Does he have some fugay? >> This guy. I'm seeing who has the high pick value here. >> We got a two and 12 down there. Two two and 12. >> Yeah, this guy is the 101. Okay. I mean, >> [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] >> Hunter, I'm sure we could probably snag Hunter off of his ass. >> Get Hunter for free. Yeah, let's go. >> 101 and Travis Hunter for what? >> 101 and Travis Hunter. >> Laora Manki and uh and 105. >> Yeah, I would offer that at least. And I would even be willing to offer more if I have to. >> Yeah, Leaporta Manki and 105. Uh yeah, Leaporta Makoni and 105 for Hunter and 101. See what he see what he does. You can afford to lose Loni. He's not going to be a significant contributor for you given the strength of your team. If that guy says, "Hey, I won't do it." But if you add in [ __ ] the two twos and DK

Mecca have to do, I would I would throw that on top as a cherry. >> Yeah. >> And for the pure definition of what a sell high is, as in we look back and that ended up being their highest point of value. I don't think it's outrageous to say that we could look back on George Pickkins and say that was the highest he was ever valued at. And maybe because of the strength of your wide receiver core and the fact that I do think that lad mccon is kind of on the low right now with what he could do with McDaniel next year. Um you could sell George Pickins plus the 105 and see how close that gets you to Bejian Robinson because I think given how valuable Pickkins is right now. I think there's going to be people out there that go actually that's a really good offer or whatever. >> Yeah. And full transparency again I think I think Pickkins is going to be back in Dallas. Like I'm just going to say that perfectly clear. But people are like oh Cowboys are hearing out for

offers for Pickkins. like, well, yeah, if you can get a guy on a tag profit, let's just say a one plus for him on the market, you have to do your due diligence. You have to hear what's out there. Like, I don't I like I don't find that news as being like groundbreaking. People are like, "Oh, yeah, now the if the Raiders are willing to give you >> Crosby straight up for pickings." I would do that in a heartbeat. >> Who? >> Crosby. >> Oh, Crosby straight up. Yeah. I mean like there's teams out there like what if the Bills are willing to give you their their 26 pick 25 or whatever they're picking and they're 27-1 for for George Pickins. >> Yeah. Yeah. I love pickings but you got to do that especially in this class knowing wide receiver you have your one complimentary wide receiver is strong like again in an ideal world we keep pickings but like if you can get elite value let's just say at 12 overall what a [ __ ] Mai Lemon fell there you trade

away Pickkins for Crosby hypothetically or two ones from the Bills like you said or Kai Lemon or Jordan Tyson or Cardinal Tate somehow faulty at 12 then at that point it's like you get a cheap wide receiver too next to Lamb for the next five years and you get the defensive player you need. So people like again I I expect that none of that's actually going to happen. He's just going to be back on the Cowboys, which is perfectly fine by me. But for people saying, "Oh, the Cowboys are doing Cowboys things." Like that's a very sharp thing to do. >> Um AJ said, "What kind of team should I send in?" Um one with actual moves to be made, AJ. Let's uh let's do no more brag teams here. Um >> in Scribbles, I agree. It's more so like, "Oh yeah, you can get Max Crosby and your biggest weakness is an Elite Edge." Okay, that's fine. You can get two ones for him. Sure. >> Would you do it if the Patriots offered you 31 in their their first next year?

>> I think from a pure asset management standpoint, you have to >> that's a lot of value. Like AJ Brown went for like the 20th pick when he got dealt. Like >> not not to mention the pick like you save all the money that you were going to pay him as well. >> Cap is actually real for for non-poverty franchises, but it it matters a little bit that you not have to pay a receiver 30 million a year. Well, in full transparency too, it would also give you a second tradable one for next year. So, you would get the pick on top of that >> when you need to trade up to replace Dak. >> No, but like >> I'm sorry. >> We We saw what they did with Quinnon to go acquire like an elite defensive player at the deadline. >> If you could liquidate your offensive value with Pickkins, again, like I'm I'm I'm totally fine if he's back, but if you can get elite value for him, that's the exact scenario I'm saying, right? >> That is crazy. Yeah, that that that's

insane to look back on. Um, who the hell did the Cardinal the Ravens take with that pick? >> What year did he get dealt? >> Is that Linder Bomb? >> It might have been. Oh, it might have been. Um, >> it was the Okay, it was the 2022 NFL draft because Trayon Burks was the pick that the Titans got. >> No, so it was 2022. So, yeah, it wouldn't have been Linderbomb. It was. Yeah. Tyler Linderbomb. That's the pick that they got. >> Oh, right. Yeah, Linderbomb was the same year as Tyler Smith. I remember now. >> Yeah, Tyler. I think actually, if I'm not mistaken, they might have moved back from the pick that they got from Arizona, >> maybe. Although Arizona, didn't they make the playoffs in 2022 >> from Buffalo? Yeah, they they moved back. >> Was it 2021 or 22? >> The Bills traded up for Kyha Elum at 23. So they traded the 23rd pick to the Buffalo or to the Ravens. Then the Ravens traded back with Buffalo and took

Tyler Lindol >> because that was the year that the the Cardinals lost to the Rams in the wildard round in the 4v5 game and then the Rams went on to to make the Super Bowl. >> No, wait, did they make the Super Bowl that year? >> The Rams Super Bowl for the before the 2022 draft. That was the year that the Rams won the Super Bowl in 2021. >> Correct. Because they beat the Cardinals in the first round. In the second round they beat you guys and then the conference championship they beat the 49ers. >> Yeah, don't remind me that. I'm sitting in my freaking grandpa's wake cuz he died two days before and we ran an allout blitz on the [ __ ] offensive player of the year. >> That was shout out two-time Super Bowl champion Cooper Cup. >> We would have won we would we win that Super Bowl if if we have Antonio Brown or Godwin. We win that Super Bowl guaranteed. Maybe that 2021 team was better than the 2020 team in Tampa Bay 100%. I mean I mean um [ __ ] Kyle

Shanahan basically admitted to it after the fact, but um yeah, he so it was someone that worked with Shanahan that basically said Shanahan knew against Dallas that all he had to do is run the ball in the first three quarter quarters and the defense would be run out by the fourth >> like run out of gas by the fourth. And I'm like, >> "Holy fuck." Like, it is completely true. And it makes me sick knowing that, knowing back that the one defense that Dak could not carve up was Demo Ryan and Robert Salah when they were working for the 49ers. That is the one defense I can confidently say has given Dak tremendous bits. >> Yeah, it has. >> Unfortunate bad matchup. >> The other thing I would say THC is if he doesn't want to give you Bejon, see what he would do for HN because I I would give them the 105 plus for HN pretty easily. So that would be the other thing I would suggest. But this is a brag team. You knew it. We knew it. It's an excellent squad. You know the deal

there. Arthur has a trade here. He said, uh, 2026 109 from Malik Willis. >> Um, in a vacuum, I think this is a fair trade. >> In a vacuum, >> in a vacuum, >> I think relatively speaking, this is going to be about where Tai Simpson would go if he gets first round capital. >> Is this ambiguity? >> Is this in the same league as ambiguity? >> Uh, I don't think so. Oh, okay. Because uh he said at the time or maybe he's saying like, "Oh, you guys are misappropriating the Willis cost." >> I I probably should move Willis up my rankings right now because he he got moved down a little bit. I think he's a top is he a top 100 dynasty asset, give or take. >> He's fringe again. Like it's more so for us. Like I I just I I want to see him sign before I move him like up to this range cuz I feel like is he going to be much more expensive than this the minute he signs as a starting quarterback? Like I think 109 is basically buying him

where his value is going to be. >> Yeah, I I I can agree with that for sure. My qu my question >> should if that's the case then shouldn't you buy him before he's worth that? Because I don't think he's worth 109 on the open market right now. I don't think people you would have to pay 109 for him on the >> That's what I mean in some of our leagues. >> Well, that's what I mean. Again, I think he's um I think he's a good buy. It's just I feel like you're buying him like where he's going to be afterwards. And if it's in one of our leagues, like it's a sharp league, I understand why that person wants that because I mean like, hey, they they know exactly why you're buying him. Um, also, let's go. >> Don't I have the 109 in that league? >> Corey, this is this is why I feel good. Uh, yeah, we've gotten some stuff wrong, but for all the people that uh asked us, should I sell Drake May? Glad you kept

him. >> Yeah, he's a he's a monster. >> He's a stud. Um, and it'll be it'll look a lot better when his left tackle doesn't give up 14 pressures in the Super Bowl. >> Fields probably was what quarterback 23 24 in ADP last year in Dynasty. >> Like I saw him going like seventh, eighth round in startups usually. >> I also think that like >> he that was partially because he was on the Jets >> as well. Like if he was on >> I also think more choice in my opinion than just going to the Jets because they're the only team get willing to give him a starting job. Like I think the Dolphins will want to have him. I think that the want to have him. I think that the Jets could want to have like he might have choice. >> So Cory, I agree, but I think it's more so going to be similar to like what we thought about Daniel Jones in that aspect after Anthony Richardson got hurt because obviously before Anthony Rich got hurt, there's a little bit more

ambiguity, who was going to be the starter, who was going to be the backup. Like once Richardson got hurt and we basically knew, okay, Daniel Jones going to start, I don't think his value ever got up to 109. Whereas with Fields, I think part of the reason why he was valued as high as he was because people saw, oh, former first round pedigree. Oh, he's been top three to five fantasy running back in points per game before. It's like I don't think you're going to need to pay Fields prices for Willis, even if I think Willis is a better bet given what he's shown in Green Bay. >> I guess this is my whole thing here. Do you believe that Malik Willis gets a starting job for multiple years in free agency? >> Has a le to start for multiple years. >> I do. Now, does the market agree with that? That's my question. But if you had to be ahead of market Vegas odds, he gets a deal that is effectively at least a two-year contract to start for an NFL team. What are the Vegas odds on that

happening? >> Um, minus 200, >> then I think he probably needs to be a top 22 Dynasty quarterback because of what the upside is when he's a starter. >> So, I don't disagree, but also I understand that the market's not at that point. Like, if the market is at that point, you have to be the >> NFL free agent market is at that point. Dude, >> I'm not saying the NFL free agency is there. >> Well, that's why I'm saying directly the dynasty market. I don't think the dynasty market is going to make you pay top 22 prices, which is why I think he's a buy. >> Yeah, he absolutely is going to average this around. >> Arthur, you're on base. I'm just I guess my my counter right now is this is about where I think the market's going to be after free agency. So, I don't think you're getting necessarily a discount. Am I >> think you're paying? Okay. Yes. Yeah. This price tag, yes. But I think you can

get him for an early two right now. >> I agree. At that point, I'm buying. >> Maybe the person who has him isn't that dumb and they're just gonna go, I'm gonna wait and see what happens in free agency. Because that would be my response. If I was thinking I might want to sell Malik Willis, I would be like, I need to wait to see what happens before I actually sell this guy. But if people are sleeping like like um the team, >> like people might not be paying attention right now. like they might not realize that this guy absolutely is go like if quarterback needy teams are stacking up their boards of who their priorities are after Fernando Mendoza they might have Malik Willis is the second best option available on the market right now. >> So yeah, I agree. If you started at the 202 and he countered at the 109, you probably could have gotten an extra third thrown your way, I think. >> Yeah, >> like it's just based on the art of negotiation. So like Yeah. I mean, hey,

you you want a guy you didn't want a low cut. You want to say, "Hey, I'm willing to give the 109. this is the offer, take it or leave it. Like, okay, I'm I'm perfectly comfortable making that move if you have to pay that tough. It's just like, yeah, if you started with the 202, you probably could have got him a little bit cheaper. But, man, when you have a gut feeling and you want to forecast that the market value of a player is going to be higher based off of a process, which I think Malik Wells's process is, hey, if he starts next year, he can throw the throw for 20 plus touchdowns and rush for five to seven. Yeah, that's totally fine process in my opinion. And Arthur, you've 100% gotten me to change where I had him ranked in my overall rankings. Um, that tier of like Kyler Murray, Matthew Stafford, Daniel Jones, he he needs to be at the front of that tier given how high upside >> and it's crazy considering so I have him at 24 and honestly um

>> he's now 23 for me. >> Him versus Bryce Young's a conversation. Yeah, but you you also have like >> I'm a big I'm always Bryce Pilled so that's that's where I'm at with it. >> I I mean like you also have like Shock Buried. Um, >> yeah, cuz >> I I have him at 24. >> I'm not convinced he's a franchise quarterback. That's the only reason why. >> I just think you're hating on him too much. What he showed last year was strong and they have the ass on him. >> He's in the tier. He's just at the end of it. >> Um, yeah, the market value or market value. The site rankings have Willis at 165 overall. >> Yeah, that's ridiculous. >> Who like who's bringing it down now? I'm very curious. Um, >> it ain't me because he's now at uh 93 in my rankings. Uh, so if I go mine, yours, and then the other guys at the end here. I'm very curious where the ranking is for Malik

Willis overall. Okay. So, if I go to quarterback, >> gun to my head, I would take the 109, though, because I have him ranked about at the 110. And I do share your sentiment, Danny, that he probably will be worth about the 109 after free agency. >> So, Corey, I have him at 87, you have them at 81. You know where the other experts on the site have them? >> Where? Avery has him at 206. >> Okay, that's that's a I forgot to update him in my rankings ranking, not like I seriously would think he's the 206th best asset. >> Um, Zach has him at 133. >> That's probably more likely that he knows what kind of value he is. >> Sammy has him at 150. >> Okay. >> Uh, Mason's the highest of the others who has him at 116. That's pretty respectable at least. Um, and then Nathan has him at 172. >> Yeah. Um, and in terms of Bryce Young, you have him clearly the highest. Avery's just behind you. I am at 84, Zack 85. Mason has Bryce Young at 50.

>> Wow. I'm at 75 and I Bryce Young guy. >> It says you have 67, but you probably have the picks ahead is what I'm assuming. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> Because when you go to the rankings tab, it doesn't show where the picks are. >> Well, you you can uh include rookie picks. >> Oh, right. Duh. Duh. I I can just click that. Good point. I forgot. Yeah, I I wouldn't do that, but I don't think it's outrageous to say that you you're like, "Hey, I'm going to just take the swing because like if Willis becomes a starting quarterback for the next three to four years, he will clear Bryce by a country mile in fantasy points per game." >> Yeah. >> As much as I think Bryce could be like like seriously like an 18 to 20 point per game producer at some point next year, I think Bryce could be that good next year, >> honestly. Um after Will Willis is just a monster as a runner. I mean, after Willis signs, realistically, I can even

get him upwards of like, depending on where he goes, dude, you can make the case to take him over like Straoud and Darnold. >> Yeah. Um, also Bryce is not the worst athlete on the field. Get the [ __ ] out. >> He can move. He can move. >> He can move. >> Um, he ain't he ain't Willis as an athlete, but he can move. >> No, nobody is. What? Like truly Malik Willis in the prospect model for the quarterback position. I'm actually going to pull it up right now. >> The fact that Kenny Picket went three rounds ahead of him is ridiculous. I'm pretty sure Malik Willis has the highest rushing grade in the history of the prospect model. If I'm I'm pretty sure. Let me take a look really quick. >> Like for a day three quarterback? >> No. Period. His rushing grade only. Lamar Jackson and Jane Daniels were better. >> That's not too bad. That's good company to be in. >> Yeah. Pretty good, I would say. >> Yes, sir.

He averaged 8.4 yards a carry in college, dude. 8.4. >> I remember um >> his PF freshman grade was 94 and a half. >> I remember do you remember when we did the tone setters mock draft and it was on that class and I remember I had Willis going one overall and I'm like and like it was like obviously a meme like mock draft but I just wrote down I'm like little man big arm run fast. That's exactly what Malik Willis is. So easy to >> I was the Milro guy, which is why I'm putting some damn respect on Malik Willis's name right now because if I'm going to be the Milro guy in the same breath, I have to be a Malik Willis guy. It's the same exact bet. >> Yeah. It also makes me think that maybe Will Levis might be good. >> Yeah, maybe a dumpster candidates and [ __ ] I'm like, dude, six of these quarterbacks are going to be starters elsewhere like M. Jones and you know, uh, someone's going to take a swing on the Why isn't

Will Levis going to be the Jets backup quarterback? >> Well, that's what I'm asking. So, Cory, um, nobody was talking about Darnold being a future starting quarterback when he signed as the backup at the 49ers. And yet, we took him in a couple startup drafts. We like, okay, there's landing in a good >> Why wouldn't Levis go to like >> Los Angeles? >> Los Angeles would be perfect. Lo, yeah, Los Angeles would be would be the move. >> The only thing that I can guarantee you will not happen is that Anthony Richardson will not be the next Sam Darnold. >> No, that guy's a goober. Like, there's no way. I think Will Levis actually like might have what it takes above the shoulders the way that Darnold had it. He just didn't have the right [ __ ] around him. No, does not mean nine will be good one day because I think >> if Darnold or like one of these quarterbacks that flame out, I think if Zach Wilson was drafted to that to that

Vikings team, he's probably a franchise quarterback right now. >> All right, we can stop now. >> I'm dead serious. I'm dead serious. >> We can stop. >> When the when the 49ers trade Mac Jones for a conditional third round pick, Zach Wilson's about to be the backup in San Francisco. Okay, >> we were at about here and now we're out here. Anyways, um AJ says, "This is a fun one." You're welcome. Open to any ideas. Okay, so I mean this is just a pick factory clearly here. Like look at this pick bank that he has. 101, 103, 105, 106, 107, 108, 111, 112, 203. Okay, this is a blank slate. Essentially, this team, all you're looking to do for the most part is, I mean, you're probably going to spend that 101, 103, 105. Maybe you'd want to move up from the 105 and use one of those later picks to secure 101, 102 potentially, uh, and 103. I don't know. Would that be your first thought or would you try and get up from the the

other area of the draft? Um, if I can get m like honest to God, if I can somehow get with this team 101, 102, 103, 104, I'm doing everything I can to do it. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, I think it would be interesting. I mean, >> you have depth. You have >> He doesn't need Mendoza, though. That's the thing, right? He has Caleb Ward and and Willis. >> Good point. Good point. Okay. So, if you can get >> That's what I'm saying. If you went 105 plus 111 and can that get you 102 or 106 plus 107 gets you 102 and a two back or something like that, then you can just take Love and the two receivers. >> Yeah. And then the picks from there on like, oh my god, you all you also still have all the [ __ ] 27 ones too. Like what? Now, okay, now I'm seeing the names and I noticed that it's uh not in an FSE league, which means that that's why you have all the >> Bacon usually. >> Is he? Yeah, I think this is BD Bacon. >> Oh, okay. Fair enough. Um, it's an FSE

league. I've noticed some of the names. I'm assuming they probably form it in the Discord. I just know we're not in it. >> Yeah. >> Regardless though, I love that pick bank >> for sure. I'm telling you guys, we're we're two years away from Zach Wilson being the next Sam Darnold. I'm telling you, it's going to h this year. He's doing his San Francisco 49ers uh, you know, year abroad like Darnold did. And then in 2027 after Brock said three games, somebody's gonna sign Zach Wilson to a Sam Darnold like contract that's gonna happen. >> That's like me saying give nine four more years. >> No, nine is >> that's literally the exact same thing, Cory. Let's be serious. >> It is probably, but the the qualification for the next Sam Darnold has to have been that they were in a bad situation at one point. >> You can't be in a great situation and be the next Sam Darnold. >> Yeah. I mean, we'll see.

>> You have to be like M. Jones or like, you know, Zack Wilson or Sam Darnold himself or Baker Mayfield. Like, you have to be on a poverty franchise. >> Yeah, we'll see. I feel like you're just kind of making it up as you go to make Zach Wilson a thing. >> Well, what was the formula for Sam? No, not true. I'm not a huge Tai Simpson guy. >> Trade targets, AJ says. I mean, checking the trade value chart would be the easiest way to get an answer out of that because if you have anybody that aligns with that pick number and you're like, "Hey, I don't really want to spend this 108. I'm just going to go and trade for Devonte Smith or something like that, you could go ahead and do that." But I it would take me forever to go through all the possibilities of trade targets of veterans. Um, just knowing that this is a young team, you're going to be building around it. You probably uh are going Yeah, like getting a fan in type would make some sense. getting any young

foundational assets. Like I'm not probably going to look and add a ton of guys that are like, "Oh, I'm going to grab Jaylen Wadd to make this team competitive." No, you got a young team. Build around the young team. Build around the pick bank that you have built up here and go after hammers, too. Like 107 plus 108 gets you Colston Loveland or something and you're locked down at tight end for the next 10 years. Go ahead and do stuff like that. I'm I'm probably going to just spend the picks if I'm going to, you know, not trade them for real real needlemoving type of guys. Um, >> go have fun. And Corey, um, if we still had the graphics loaded in the media assets, I'd be throwing up some, uh, monster [ __ ] >> ugliest graphics I've ever made in my life. And for some reason, you're obsessed with them. >> They were awesome. >> Slat watches right here, by the way. Another FSE staple. >> Yes, sir. Well, that I said that

earlier. I'm like, "Yeah, Slat is the 102. He's He's a bastard." today. >> Yeah, I mean, he's probably not going to trade it knowing that he could use the wide receiver help. Um, >> but yeah, I mean, go have fun with this. Treat yourself. Uh, and um, hopefully you get at least one or two running backs in this year's class. Like, if you walk away at 101, you grab Jeremiah Love. Let's say at 111 you grab Jadarian Price, who get like second round draft capital or something. I'd feel pretty good about your running back core. Most of this class is going to be filling out your wide receiver core. Maybe grabbing Kenyon Sadi depending on if you can move that pick for other assets or trade up or trade down or whatever. I wouldn't I would be fine walking out of this class with love, let's say Lemon at 103, um Tyson at 105, 106 is Sadiq, 107 is, you know, Casey Conpsion or something. And then maybe you move up the board to get another, you know, stud asset or

something like that with the rest of the picks. and you just fill out the wide receiver core, add a running back or two, maybe Jonah Coleman or, you know, Price with one of those later picks and you're on your merry way. You're also going to have all those picks in 2027 to throw more darts at the quarterback position if you need to and to probably get some of those top running backs as well. >> Sadique is fun. >> We might have a nice little running back class next year, not going to lie, it's underrated. >> Yeah. 2027. Yeah. between Ahmad Hardy, Kawan Lacy, um >> some of the guys here, Darius Taylor, LJ Martin, Justice Haynes, >> um Razer from Georgia as well. >> Yeah, I know. Um we'll see what happens with Jordan Marshall as well. U because it's the backfield's probably going to be him and Haidider, um which is going to be big. And Marshall, despite being the technical number two right now, >> well, he's very efficient. He

>> was the one going to be relevant. >> Yeah. No, he was a workhorse down the stretch when once Haynes got hurt and he was averaging like 6.8 yards per carry. >> I think the Oregon is the Oregon freshman was he a red shirt freshman or a true freshman >> Hill? >> Yeah. >> Um I think he's a true freshman. >> The guy who had the monster like PFF grade and like really efficient >> De'ar Hill. Yeah, I think he uh I think he was a true freshman this year. >> Yeah. >> Also re um re Jordan Marshall 6.2 yards per carry, 10 rushing touchdowns, and he was the the RB2 technically for half the year. Yeah, we should have we should maybe in the next couple of weeks just to give an idea for people who want to trade for 2027 ones. We should maybe do a 2027 tier list. >> I'm cool with that. >> Just so we can like get a sense of like the class and like whatnot. Obviously, the running back position sometimes these guys go back for their senior

seasons because of NIL money like and how like if you're not going to get drafted first or second round, you might as well go back to school. Um >> Isaac Brown too, we forgot about him. He got hurt this year. Isaac Brown. >> Yeah. And also rel like uh some of the transfers too like rel brown going to Texas or no. Where did he go? He go to Texas. >> I think he went to Texas. Yeah, I believe so. >> Yeah. And then Hollywood Smothers too. Transfers. >> Yeah. >> Did he go to Alabama Smothers? >> Am I baked or is he at Texas as well? >> I think he was initially at Texas and he transferred out cuz uh what's his face game? Um let me see. Uh it was one or the other. Uh I know they got one of Smothers or uh Raleik. Yeah. Okay. So, Smothers is at Texas. He flipped from Alabama to Texas. >> Yeah, >> that's what happened. Okay. >> But yeah, Amad the fact that Ahmad Hardy might be like the 104 105 next year is pretty insane.

>> Yeah. Know, he looks like >> the rece like obviously we know what Jeremiah is, but like there's still a lot of room at the top for some of those other top receivers. Like Cam Coleman could have an insane year for Texas. >> And like Manning is going to be 101 or 102 if I had to guess as well. >> Yeah. Like I think the conversation will be Smith versus Manning at 101. >> Yeah. You know who I'm really excited about is um what's his face? Oh my god, I'm drawing a blank. [ __ ] I have him on my Devi team. Uh let me let me go check. One sec. There's 2027. Let me go Danny. Um Wesco. >> Wesco. Yeah, he's I mean I I don't He's not getting the capital right now in Mox currently. Like really >> in terms in terms of if you go to the consensus big board of 2027 uh NFL mock database, you got Arch Manning and Dante Moore projected to be the first two picks. Jeremiah Smith's projected to be the third pick. First of all, DJ Legway

sucks. He's not going in the top five. I don't care what anyone says. Julian also not going in the top five. And I actually would bet he's in 2020. >> Oh my god. Don't don't get me started with Julian. People were like, "Oh, is he going to be the 101 or the 102 next year?" I'm like, >> he'll probably be in 2028's class. Also, I don't think he'll be in next year's class. biggest wild card of the class. >> Yeah. >> Ryan Williams also a huge wild card. Didn't have a great season this year. Um >> all the talent in the [ __ ] world. He just can't finish plays at all at the >> Cam Coleman Amad Hardy. Like I said, they're going to be really high on prospects. Nate Fraser's projected to go 22nd overall. The Georgia running back who had a really great season this year. Sellers also one of the biggest wild cards of the entire class as well depending on if he can put things together. Mario Craraver very talented

player. Uh Drew Mesa had a really good season for Oklahoma State the quarterback there as well. Eric Singleton, another wild card. John Matir, another wild card. He was playing well before he broke his finger. Jaden Mava, I was pretty impressed with him when I was watching Mai Lemon and Jacobe Lane. >> Mark myava is better than saying. Let's get that out of the way. >> Mark Fletcher, LJ Martin, Darius Taylor, like there's a lot of good running back guys that I think Deuce Robinson had a 108 touchdowns last year, the first season that he was at Florida State. Darien Mensah, I still think is kind of interesting now at Miami as well. >> So there's a I'm glad you mentioned 2028 as well. Um, so the North Texas running back transferred to Oklahoma State, Hawkins. He had like the highest PFF grade and he was a true freshman this year. And he's also like I think he's listed 6'2, 205 pounds, so like he's a bigger frame. Like he could he could probably put on 10 pounds at the next

level and be like a bowling ball. Um, and he he can move too. I was watching a little bit of him. Uh, >> yeah, Nick Harour is also an interesting wild card. Same with Nick Anderson if he can stay healthy for once in his life. And so this guy didn't get a ton of opportunity early in the season, but down the stretch, Andrew Marsh was unreal. And that that's a Michigan wide receiver. >> Yeah. Michigan State. >> Uh Michigan wide receiver. You're thinking of Nick Marsh. He's 2027. He transferred to Indiana, I believe. Yeah. Nick Marsh went to Indiana. Andrew Marsh was the Michigan wide receiver. He was a backup for the first half of the year as a true freshman, but once he got the full starting job, he was the number one wide receiver on Michigan. Yeah, I wasn't um I wasn't super impressed with Josh Hoover personally when I was watching Mallister. Um >> isn't that the the f the furry guy? >> Josh Hoover. >> Is he a furry? >> Or there was like a like a a Reddit

board [ __ ] like rumor of something like that or like maybe it was just like slander. >> Oh, he transferred to Indiana. >> Yeah, >> right. Okay. I didn't realize. >> Yeah. Jo Josh Hoover. I Oh my god. Wait. Josh Josh Hoover furry. Yeah, it ended up being false, but there was like rumors he was part of the furry community that came out mid-season. I remember that. >> That's really funny. >> Epste and furries. Yes. Okay. Anyways, let's close out with AJ's uh review. Anything else here other than Yes, this is a fun one. We would obviously explore all avenues. No stone unturned. Can you get up to 102? Can you get up to 104? Again, 104 maybe not so much because you don't need Mendoza. Um, and yeah, maybe making a swinging a deal for a hammer type of veteran would be something that I would encourage you to look after. Like 107 plus 111, does that get you Devon Achan or you know what I mean? Like one of those kind of like hammer type veterans.

How close does that get you to Genty? How close does that get you to Hampton and those type of running backs potentially? And then yeah, all those 2027 ones are going to feel really really nice to have next year because as we just basically did, there's so many guys that the high end of the class like I would imagine we're going to have at least five prospects be purple colored tier in the prospect model type of guys, meaning they're either workhorse or generational running backs. They are foundational or generational quarterbacks. They are uh uh generational tight ends potentially. I don't think we're going to get a generational tight end next year. Um or they are league winner type of wide receiver prospects as well. Like it wouldn't shock like I know Jeremiah is going to be a league winner prospect. Obviously I know that um Ahmad Hardy is probably going to have a chance at at least the workhorse tier if not the generational tier at running back and then some of the other quarterbacks as

well. Going to be potentially really good prospects as well. But let's move on. Um thank you guys for tuning in. Let me make sure we have all the things situated here. I think we are caught up. Um, anything else? >> I saw it. Well, I saw it uh commented, so we we did this on the last live stream, so I'm gonna do it. Uh I'm gonna set us up again. We had some good battles. >> Yeah, let's do some battles. Uh Jamari Johnson has a chance for sure with no Sadique now. I think it's possible that he has a chance to be a generational prospect, but he I don't think it's outrageous to say that Pitts had a lot of work to do before his junior season and then obviously he did that work and became the prospect caliber he was cuz his sophomore year was good, but it wasn't like special. So, um, yeah, it wouldn't shock me if Jamari Johnson ended up being a really high-end tight end prospect, too. >> Yeah. And I'm trying to see who commented it earlier because I just want

to give him a shout out for, uh, reminding me. Uh, who I can't find it now. Whoever commented to hop on the Perry pick them after. Uh, big shout out. I saw it in chat. Um, I can't find it right now, but so we will start it. Uh, you want first or second? >> Um, I'll go uh first, I guess. I don't know. >> Okay. Jacksonville Jaguars. Um, Jacksonville Jaguars. Give me um feel like this has got to be a Jimmy season. Give me Jimmy Smith, I guess. I can't think of anybody else that would make sense here. >> Uh, one you're missing. >> Oh, [ __ ] Maurice Jones, Drew. >> I mean, 297 for a wide receiver. I think there options out there. >> Uh, Detroit Lions. I mean, I just got to take Barry Sanders, right? Unless Megatron might >> I don't think Barry will be allowed. >> Oh, right. So, it's just probably Megatron then. >> I mean, you might be able to. Yeah. >> Um, like if I search Barry, does it show up? >> No.

>> Okay. So, it's it's probably just going to be Megatron then. >> To be honest, I think Megatron would have been the right answer anyways. Even Barry was there. >> Yeah. Um, Gibbs wouldn't be too far off either. >> Yeah. No, I I that's probably where I'm going to go actually. No, I'm not going to use Leaport a season. Never mind. His rookie year. I was I was debating it because tight end is, you know, you never know how many different options you're going to get. >> I mean, Gibbs outscored uh Calvin. Now, >> uh Philadelphia Oh, this is probably where I should use a tight end. Huh. >> Might be. >> Um, okay. Obviously, Barkley's season makes a lot of sense to use. Um, I don't think AJ seasons are good enough to use. I could go with Jaylen Herz, too, which is probably the direction I should go, but I'm gonna I'm gonna play this risky here. Let's go with Zack Herz. I think that you're not going to get many

opportunities to get better tight ends than that. >> Your ball Zacher. Um I'm I was thinking of Shady McCoy, but I think I can get a better running back season than that. Um Herz would be a good answer, but I think there's better quarterback years. I was thinking about Terrell Owens as well, but I'm not sure if he would have had a big >> I can't imagine he had a better season in 2008 or whatever even than AJ Brown had his first year. >> Um I'm just I'm just gonna go Barkley. It's the easy one. >> I mean, you could have gone with Yeah, I don't think Shady had a better season than that. >> Raiders. Um >> Oh, I I think you're pigeonhold here. >> Oh, I I mean I can just do this. I know because I was like, "Oh, ideally you just like punt that because I already have my tight end, but I think that was the only option you had." >> Yeah, I'm cool with that. >> Um >> because I don't know who goes here.

>> So, I feel like there's two very clear answers here. It's either Devonte Adams or it's Josh Jacobs's 2022 season, I think. Trying to think who else would I be missing. >> 10. >> Uh give me give me Devonte Adams. I think there's better running backs out there than the 2022 season. Was I forgetting someone obvious? >> Um, why' you get another pick? >> Cuz I went second there. >> Oh, okay. Uh, Chicago Bears. >> Um, I also think I might have Darren Waller might have been better than Bowers, but I'm not sure. >> Oh, he might have been. Yeah, you're right. Um, okay. So, I think when we did this last time, I ended up being Brandon Marshall was the best option, right? >> I believe so. Is there a running back that we had? Give me just give me Brandon Marshall. >> Yeah, that's a fantastic year. Um, the one I was thinking about was Matt Forte. Um, >> yeah, I think when we did this it ended up being Marshall was better if I'm not

mistaken. >> Probably would be. That's over a game. >> I think we're going to be pretty close in score regardless. Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean, I think Forte regardless would be like top two option. So, I got to go a little bit better. >> Um, I mean, sorry. A [ __ ] me. I can't spell apparently. Um >> Um I feel like I might just have to take this because I don't want to get pigeon holed at this position because I could lose a lot of points if I don't get a good one. >> Oh yeah. >> Just give me give me give me Burrow. >> Burrow. Okay. >> Seattle Seahawks. >> Beautiful. Um give me give me Sean Alexander. Oh yeah, Sean. Duh. >> I said beast mode. Yeah, Sean had a [ __ ] MVP level year. >> And I probably gotta go beast mode with my other one because I don't think Russell Wilson would >> I don't know. His 2017 season was pretty good. You might get screwed if you don't get a good quarterback season.

>> I just know for sure Lynch was a top >> open though is what I'm saying. >> Yeah, like Lynch was a top three option in 2012, I believe. So >> Russ was the QB1 overall in 2017. Dude, I would probably take that. Going for upside here. I think I'm gonna get a stuck quarterback. >> Oh, come on. That's [ __ ] >> That's [ __ ] >> You need a [ __ ] hammer here. >> Yeah. >> Oh, Randy. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you you need a hammer. You got THE HAMMER. >> YEAH. >> OH, that was an >> That was an eker. So, yeah. I mean, I guess if I went Russ and then sniped you on [ __ ] Moss, that would have been the difference. >> I think it was the right decision to go go with Z, man. I I would have been screwed at tight end, I think. >> Wow, that was a that was a [ __ ] that was a close >> like I would have probably had to take Tyler Eford or something. >> I saw 07 Brady and I got excited. I'm

like, wait, no, his wide receiver was so good that year. It's not even a >> No, it didn't even matter. >> Yeah. Yeah, cuz I guess the only way I could have cucked you there is if I took Russ and then I sniped Moss because then you would have had to take a flex on the Patriots. >> Yeah, >> that was the only way out. Okay, >> I'm glad you didn't listen to me. So, uh, you went first. >> You go first this time and then we we'll end it off here because I got to go feed Ma. >> Yeah. >> I I mean I think this is just Josh Allen, but unless I'm forgetting anyone. No, I don't believe so. I don't like like you just take Josh Allen. Don't worry about it. 400 points. >> Yeah, that is a pretty easy answer. Um, so could go James. I could go Shady. I could go uh give me give me Steph Diggs 2020. Good call, Mr. Diggs. Good year, too. Green Bay Pack is >> 14 Rogers was quarterback one. I know that. >> Yeah, I'm thinking I don't want to Do I

want to burn the quarterback spot this early knowing you have a quarterback already? Probably not. Um, so give me um give me Ammon Green. >> [ __ ] Because I know he outscored Devonte Adams. >> I know. That's why >> I mean Adams is just going to be the other one. >> I do feel like it's better to use up your wide receiver spots though generally. >> Jaguars. I mean this has just got to be MJD again. >> Yeah. >> Also, I'm like I'm forgetting something obvious like I don't think Fred >> Jackson last time. >> Fred Taylor had a better year. >> Yeah, I'll probably just take Jimmy Smith again. Like >> probably the safe bet to be honest. I mean, I can't imagine Keenan Mardell had a better like Allen Robinson's season wasn't better than that. I don't think >> Miami Dolphins. Um, >> I'm just going to take the other one. >> It's got to be It's got to be Tyreek, right?

>> I'm just going to take the other one. >> Yeah. Um, trying to think which one would be better. Go give me Tyreek. >> You could pick. I would have taken Tyreek straight up, but um Achan is probably scoring within like 20 points, so I'm not not overthinking it. >> Oh, it's a little bit bigger of a discrepancy than I thought. >> Uh Chargers. Oh, got to be a Gates here. Got to be >> Oh my god, you're so dumb with Danny Donaldson. >> Your running back spots. >> I'm not I'm not even Jo I'm not even joking you. >> Filled up. That's what [ __ ] mentally [ __ ] me up is I saw my running back spots filled and not realize I had flex spots. I am such a doofus. >> Oh my god. >> If you have another team review, we'll we'll do it if you if you submit it, >> dude. Oh, I'm so stupid. >> I mean, Gates is a great tight end pick obviously, but >> Well, I I I saw the two running backs.

>> Give me Lamar. You didn't even give me a chance to answer. >> I mean, would you have gone? >> I mean, I'm going to take Lamar probably, but >> Sorry. I just mentally My bad. Oh, that just threw me the [ __ ] off. >> You're on the board now with a wide receiver. Ravens wide receiver reflex. >> Just gota be right. >> Oh, I [ __ ] up bad. >> That's huge though. >> Yeah, I got to make up so many points though. I left the best fantasy player of all time on the >> um give me Levian Bell. >> [ __ ] me. I'm so >> I got to take whoever's This could This could still [ __ ] me though. I need a tight end. Give me a tight end. >> Raiders. >> Oh, yes. Yes. Um, >> which one though? >> I think >> I mean >> I think Waller season was better. >> It probably was. Yo, there's no 600 point player on the Raiders, so >> Yeah, it was better. >> Oh, how did I not take Leanian [ __ ]

Tomlinson? >> Yeah, not taking Leamian Tomlinson was an absolute throw. >> Oh, that's so dumb. Okay. Um, >> I'm redeeming myself on this. Uh, this round >> I'm going to take one for the meme then. Let's go. Let's go Hunter Renfro. >> Henry Rugs. >> There you go. Let's go Hunter Renfro for the jokes. No, I know. So, mentally I saw the two running back spots filled and didn't even clock in running back. Like >> I when when the Chargers got pulled up, I'm like, "Fuck, I lose." Like, you just lose. Like the other person gets Tomlinson, you just lose. >> [ __ ] we ball. Oh, okay. So back then you get a >> Does that mean I'm team A again? Yeah, you got I mean Antonio, right? >> Yeah, give me Antonio Brown. >> Yeah, I wasn't going to click it this time. I accidentally [ __ ] ran up to the podium, took Lamar because I just assumed you'd go him. >> Um, we'll probably not give any more

vouchers out. Um, if you submit it, like if you pay for a team review, obviously we'll we'll make sure that we get to it for you. But, uh, yeah, we'll probably not be submitting any more vouchers. That's unfortunate. Um, >> Christian. >> Christian. Okay, >> you got a good option. >> I have two good options. Um, I'll just I'll fill the tight end spot. Give me George Goodle. >> Yeah, that's that's the one I was thinking of cuz >> I could have taken Debo Samuels 2021, but I don't think it was worth it. Uh, Chris McCaffrey. >> Can we both get McCaffrey then? What the [ __ ] >> Yeah, that's another that's also pretty unreoverable as well that you get a 471 McCaffrey season. >> What the [ __ ] is that? Um, who even? D'Angelo Williams maybe. Jonathan Stewart. I mean, Steve Smith maybe actually, right? >> Yeah, >> I think better off with um with Jay Stew there, >> maybe. 337 strong though. It's over 20

points per game. >> Um and I believe Wallers was higher, so I will go with him here. >> Um >> I mean, we're managing. It's a close closer still. Yeah, I'll take um I'll give me Jacobs played 17 games that year. Give me Jacobs 2022. >> Josh 19 points per game. 17 games. >> Yeah, that's a strong >> uh Washington Commanders. Um, Commanders, I don't think I think the play here might be to just take Jaden Daniels. Could be. I mean, maybe RG3 too, but I I'll just take Jaden. I don't feel confident in any of the like Portoris years or like any of those guys. >> Yeah, I was thinking Portoris. I was also thinking about Alfred Morris >> taking Jaden there. But >> I was thinking about Portoris and Alfred Morris. Um >> I wonder if RG3's year was better than Jaden's. >> Garson had a big year, but I don't think it was with Washington. Um I'm just going to go Portoris. I feel like he had to have had one really good

year with Washington. Yeah. 272 I'll take. 272 I'll take Miami. I mean this this was just Tyreek Hill. He had like 375 points. You still get the other one though. It's pretty >> I know, but I need a wide receiver so it would keep my flexes open. Uh, I guess I'll just take the Vonnie Chan. >> Oh, I'm an idiot. >> I guess the flexes aren't [ __ ] manifesting in my head. Um, and Broncos. >> Broncos. Do I want to take this? >> You missed the Terrell Davis [ __ ] period, too. >> Yeah. Um, uh, I'll just take De Marius Thomas in the wide receiver spot. >> Thank god I didn't have my quarterback position set cuz um, >> yeah, Manning >> height and mining >> would have been better than taking Jaden Daniels for sure. >> And this has just got to be Barkley. I mean, like it could have been a Terrell Owens year, but I just think Barkley's the safe pick because I know he had a huge >> Okay, what do I need here? Um, but 375

points. >> Yeah, something like that from anybody. >> Eagles. I mean, if I were you, I would just [ __ ] throw it to Rollins and help. Like, I don't know who else. >> Shady. >> Yeah, give me a shady year. Give me Shady. Or would Brian Westbrook have had a year like that? >> Your call. >> Give me McCoy. Give me McCoy. Give me >> McCoy. You won the first two though, so um, we'll see what happens here. the wannabe best of five now. Um, she's >> Yeah, I guess it's a best of five. >> I I gotta take the Kelsey year or would Tony actually have outscored him? No. No. Kelsey 2020 had had one of the best years of all time. And then I'm assuming you're going Mahomes or Gonzalez. >> I Yeah, give me Mahomes. >> You know who's the other one I thought about afterwards is Priest Holmes. >> Um, by the way, I did just look it up because I was curious. Brian Westbrook 374 fantasy points his last season. So I

would have been close. >> Um Pittsburgh Steelers. Uh give me Anthony Brown. >> Hey I I also think we both forgot about Priest Holmes with the Chiefs. >> Oh yeah, we did forget about Priest for sure. >> Um yeah, Belf makes sense. Um I >> feel like there's like five teams that we've never had come up yet. >> I know. Just the same teams keep throwing up. >> MD. Uh, I kind of want to take the risk that we have a Lenny year. That was really good, but I think that's dumb. That's dumb. That's dumb. Give me >> Fred Taylor, too. You want Yeah, he's bit >> low key with Evan Ingram been a terrible pick there. Also, >> that's a good point. >> Uh, give me Megatron >> Calvin. >> I'm kind of worried. I don't have any running backs. Maybe I should have taken Gibbs there. >> I'm just going to take him here. >> Oh, he had more. Wow. >> Oh, that's big and crazy. >> Um, Foster.

>> Damn it. >> I I would take [ __ ] Andre Johnson. I could pigeon hole myself, but I can't pass on that Foster here. I'm saving Andre probably. >> [ __ ] man. >> Could go with Dalton Schultz. >> I have to take a running back. I think I don't think that any of the Andre years were significantly better than what Joe Mixon did in 2023 or 202. >> Give me Mixon. This might be a huge throw. Oh, big throw. >> You got Randy, though. >> Yeah, I gotta take Randy. Oh, no. Do I? No, I got to risk. I'm already behind. Give me Give me Gronowski knowing I got to make up points at some positions here. >> I think he sold because I can just take Moss. >> Yeah, he also could have taken Brady and didn't. >> Fair. Vikings. Um, Jefferson's the opposite one, but Dvin Cook. Oh, Dvin Cook's big for you. >> Yeah, >> Dvin Cook's big for you. >> Massive. >> Yeah, I just got you. You are stunned,

actually. >> Oh, Peterson. >> Peterson. >> Peterson. Yeah, 2012 Peterson. Duh. Dude, what is up with me right now? My brain's [ __ ] >> Give me a Mac. >> This might be close. Oh no. How many am I behind? I should be. >> But what quarterback season is that good? You're going to probably get me though. I think you're only >> probably just got to be >> 270 points is a lot though. >> Did Kaepernick start a full year? I know points per game-wise was high. He would have had a top five. Surely Perty got a 20 point per game year and wins it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I was close I wanted it to be though. Uh yeah mixing like an idiot. I'm good. >> It's only since 2020. Um >> 2000 >> or two. Yeah. My bad. Okay. 2000. >> This is this is decides it now. >> Game five, baby. Game five. >> Yes. >> Colts. >> Indianapolis Colts. God, there's so many to choose from. >> Yeah, there's a lot.

Um, give me give me Marvin Harrison. >> Harrison, I like it. I think I might play it through uh 06 Manning. >> Yeah, 384 is good. That's a good point. >> 384 is good. Um, do I play it with 06 Manning >> points? >> So, it's between 06 Manning or it's between this year's JT and Edan James. Those are the two I'm considering right now. I think Manning's just the safer. >> What do you know about old Dallas Clark? >> Yeah, sure. I'll go Manning is probably not bad. Yeah, >> especially when you get McCaffrey to bookend it. >> Yeah, >> between the two. >> Am I baked or would Frank Gore be a good answer here? >> Jeff Garcia. No, I'm kidding. >> Give me Give me Frank Gore. >> Frank the T. think I'm going to get a better year out of him. >> That's a good year. That's a good year. >> Okay, Saints. >> Saints, this is this is an easy one. >> Is it? >> No.

>> Who had more points? >> There's a wild card here, too. >> There is a wild There's two wild cards here. I could go Breeze or Jimmy Graham if I needed to go with a wild card. Um, I'm gonna go It's PPR. Give me Alvin Camaro. Chimera. I will take Jimmy Graham. >> Wow. Okay. Passing on Michael Thomas's 2019 I don't think was a wise decision. >> Maybe not. But uh I know Jimmy Graham is nearly a 20 point for game tight end which can be hard in this filter. Although I might regret it because Buccaneers Buccaneers Buccaneers [ __ ] am I missing anybody huge year. Tom Brady would have been great for this. I don't want to take a Mike Evans. >> Take him. >> I don't want to take an Evans year. Uh, I think this is a throw. I think I just got to take an Evans ear unless I'm missing something crazy. >> Evans here. Yeah, give me Tom Brady. >> Yeah, good pick. >> It's getting sweaty. Bills. >> Um,

Josh Allen would have been great. >> [ __ ] man. Uh, I'll take Digs. >> Digs. Good pick. >> It's kind of our only my only option there. And um I'm assuming I'm assuming this is updated for this year, but like James Cook was a 20 point a game scorer. >> Yeah. Okay, we'll take that. >> I think it was better. >> Um so Gibbs outscored Megatron, but it wasn't by much. So I'm going to take Gibbs here. >> I'll just take Megatron. >> Yeah, it's going to come down to what uh tight end you get. >> Like Miami Dolphins. Uh Reek, I'm assuming. >> Uh yeah, give me Tyreek Hill. I just got to literally get get the mercy of the board here on the on the tight end. >> It's going to come down to the w Oh, I'm an idiot. I typed in Gibbs H. Um, Green Bay Packers. I mean, this is I would take Among Green, but since he's gone, I got to go with here. >> You need about 211 points for the win

here. >> Oh, tight end. Oh, no. OH. I MEAN, Bob Tonion had 10 touchdowns the one year. >> Finley's probably the Tucker didn't have a good enough year. Mercedes Lewis. No, I don't think. >> Who do we want? >> Give me Jermaich Finley. >> Ah, game five. Danny. >> Hey, what was Robert Tany's ear? I GOT TO KNOW. THAT WAS [ __ ] GREASY. >> 2021. >> [ __ ] >> I passed on 2019 Mike Thomas and it somehow worked out. >> 2020 Robert. >> Yeah. 20 >> 150.5. Okay. There. I I don't think I could have won there to be honest. >> So, are we cooked or you want to try one with the lowest score wins? That would be [ __ ] disgusting. Y let's try let's try one lowest >> try one with a horrendous score. Yeah. >> Bet. All right. You want first or second pick? >> Uh I'll take first pick. >> Bet. Bet. All right. >> Do I go cookies here? No. No. No. That's not a good answer.

You definitely got more points than a bunch of bums. Uh, give me um give me Nathan Peterman. Oh my god. Oh, I can't. Oh, okay. Give me cookies. Whatever. >> Cookies. >> That's way too many points. >> How gross are we going? Because I'm thinking about going with Gill. No, he's doesn't qualify. Let's go. >> Need a certain amount of points here. Um, Matt Collins. [ __ ] Um, Dawson Knox. Sure. >> Been a better answer there. >> Yeah, I know. I did I didn't want to take someone that's like like a pure pure backup. Like I think it's like somewhat relevance pretty fair. Um, Rashad White had a big gear. I'm not going to go there if I'm not taking just purely backups like >> yeah had to have been a starter. Let's make that the like the qualifier. >> I was thinking about Josh Freeman maybe. No, what doesn't even [ __ ] >> There's a good There's a good answer on the board here. I think

>> um sorry I'm [ __ ] I'm trying to [ __ ] Freeman's Why doesn't Freeman show up? >> I guess qualify. >> Okay. I mean I I'll go with Brad Johnson. Sure. He started a year. >> Uh, give me Payton Barber. >> Payton Barber is a good pickup. A good good scoop. >> Oh, it's not gonna let me do it. Okay. Um, >> tricky. >> Give me uh Austin Stafarian Jenkins. >> Oo, that might show up. Nope, did not. >> That's the thing that's like was our starter that year. Hey, he had le he had more points than [ __ ] Knox, but less than uh Johnson. >> Um, okay. 49ers. >> Give me Emanuel Sanders. >> Could work. Emanuel Sanders. This is way less fun. >> No, it is. I'm I'm trying to think of gross [ __ ] players now. Oh. Oh, I got one. Oh, Corey. Oh, Matt Breida doesn't show up. He literally started for a year for them. >> Yeah, >> like Moert maybe. >> Yeah, cuz he would always get hurt.

>> You got to remember it's going to give you their best season, too. So, that's the hard part. >> Yeah, that's the tricky bit. >> It's got to be a guy that qualifies that didn't have a lot of seasons where they produced. >> Yeah, that's what's tricky about it. >> Oh, there's such a good answer for this one. But cheeks. >> No, because he had a good year, >> right? Oh my god. Was it [ __ ] Hill? No, he played for the Bengals. Who am I [ __ ] thinking of? >> CH is not >> CH had a big year though for them. >> Oh, this is way harder. >> No, I got a great one here. >> Really? >> Yeah. if it qualifies. >> Oh. Oh. Oh, >> Valdis Scantling doesn't show up. >> Nope. >> Okay. Well, [ __ ] me then. Um I I I just got to I'm just going to put PCO in because I have no clue where the [ __ ] else to go. >> Okay. Does Xavier Worthy or DeAndre Hopkins show up? Go worthy.

Okay. >> Had less than [ __ ] PCO, which is good for you. >> Yeah. Denver Broncos. Um, give me Case Keenum. >> Nope. >> No. Um, Bridgewwater's not terrible, but I think that's a little much. Uh, I could probably find somebody here. Probably a running back. Um, give me CJ Anderson. No, that's a bad That's bad. That's bad. That's bad. Uh, give me Gh. in the flex. Give me um [ __ ] What's that guy? Eric Sabbert. >> Nope. >> No, it's not going to work. >> Okay. I I'm like we're not counting timers, I guess, because he went way over >> on that. Yeah, not a big deal, bro. It's tough. >> Give me Marvin Mims. >> Not a bad one. >> There we go. That's a good one. It's a great one, actually. It is a very good one. >> I think they had to have had more than 100 fantasy points for them to qualify. So, the closest you can get to 100 is probably the best. Arthur's going to know all the shitty

[ __ ] Denver receivers in the last two years. [ __ ] Christ. Um, like, does Pat Bryant even qualify? I don't think he does, right? I could see. Um, nope. Awesome. Um, wow. Who is even the wide receiver? >> Not a good shitty Broncos receiver that might qualify. >> Oh god. I am drawing a blank. I'm trying to think of like the >> running back too or tight end, >> right? Um, oh, oh, oh, oh, please tell me he No, Monty Ball doesn't qualify. >> Nope. >> Monte Ball. No, Sean had a big year in 2013. Otherwise, I would [ __ ] think him. How does Monty Ball did he not? >> He didn't really have that many good years. >> I'll just do it because I'm taking a lot of the timer, but like I think he's going to have like 158. 198's even more. >> Okay. I didn't think he'd have that much >> Texans. Um, does like Jaden Higgins count? Can I do Jaden Higgins? >> Yeah, sure. >> Can I do David Carr?

>> Nope. >> Do Mash. >> No, he had definitely had um running back. Give me >> Oh, I got a good one. [ __ ] >> Give him Woody Marks, right? You know who I was thinking of? >> Who? >> Ben Tate. >> Oh, I see. >> Ben Tate. >> Uh, quarterback for the Patriots. Would Jimmy Garopppolo qualify or Jacobe Brassette? I don't think they would have started enough. Jimmy qualifies. >> You want him do it? >> Yeah, give me Garopppolo. >> What? He qualified with 36. What? What is the [ __ ] rules for this thing? >> That might have been a cheap one. >> Whatever. >> Not Not a big deal. Um, I was thinking of Lawrence Moroni and he doesn't even show up. >> Dear Mario Douglas is not a bad one. >> I mean, he he had a Did Bourne or him have more? Like I almost I'm also thinking about I'll go Ammonola. I don't think he had a big year with the Patriots. He had his years with the Rams. Yeah. Okay. So, that wasn't like

bad. Seahawks. I can go with Oh my god. Wait, does Chris Matthew show up? Yeah, good point. What about Tory Horton? [ __ ] How does Jimmy Garopppolo count? But Tory Horton doesn't. I'm getting [ __ ] scum. >> Up kind of lowkey might be the answer here. >> Could be. I'll I'll do it for the memes. There's no way I'm overcoming the 36 there. >> Uh running back. Um >> you could probably put Shawn Alexander here and still win. >> Yeah, give me uh give me Rashad Penny. He didn't have that good of a year though one time. >> The culture. Yo, [ __ ] 36 is insane. W of who's >> okay. Anyways, we are uh we are going to head out of here. Appreciate you guys for tuning in. Again, if you guys are checking out stuff over on the site right now, rookie dynasty draft guide version number one, February 15th, we have what? EMTT Johnson to finish today. Kron Allen, Nick Singleton, and then we're completely done. The top 25 class

or top 24 of the class. all those videos, all those breakdowns, player grades, draft cards, all that good stuff. As you can see here with Tai Simpson, for example, those are what you're going to be getting in that draft guide and of course all those player videos. Like we said, um, check out the site, everything going on over there. Mason and the devs added a new tool today where you're able to integrate the range of outcomes tool in with the ranking. So, you can kind of see like, oh, how many 25-year-old wide receivers had it a 15 point per game season or whatever. So, a lot of cool stuff going on over there. Of course, flockfanasy.com, promo code FSE. And of course, you can add more trade questions, team reviews if you guys are so inclined. Uh, and we'll do more of these streams where we're giving away free ones. So, stay tuned for those. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
