Free agency is right around the corner. And today we're going to break down all of the quarterback, free agent landing spots, players, and we're going to play a little game. We're going to play a little matchmaker. All week we're going to be doing quarterbacks, running backs, wide receivers, tight ends for free agency kind of preview that's going to be coming on Monday. The legal tampering period opens. And Danny and I are going to play a little game called matchmaker. The winner is the person who matchmakes the most correct landing spots and player combinations. And if you guys want, you can play down below in the comments as we go through this. Now, let's ease this up. The the exercise here is we've tier ranked the landing spots for the quarterbacks. We have needs a starter and it's a great landing spot. We have the Minnesota Vikings, Indianapolis Colts. Needs a starter and it's a solid landing spot. You got a couple good weapons, decent offensive

line, talent, coaching, etc. You have the Jets, the Cardinals, Steelers, Dolphins, and Raiders. In no particular order, if you want to reorder them, that's totally fine. And then needs a starter, kind of not a good landing spot, the Cleveland Browns. and then needs competition. I would say like the Falcons are really the only team that need like a body that could a start potentially right away if Pennix isn't ready and b um be a guy that maybe even pushes PennX out of the starting job. >> Yeah. And this is also like based a little bit on the narrative of teams like for example we are hearing a lot of reports that Minnesota desperately wants to bring in, you know, a veteran quarterback to compete with JJ. Like you can argue realistically what's the difference between what JJ's done in Minnesota versus PennX has done in Atlanta, but we aren't hearing those reports. widespread out of Atlanta like we are in Minnesota. >> Yeah, it seems like the Falcons have

much more belief in Penn even maybe they shouldn't like you kind of just made reference to and then needs a bridge or a backup. Like these are teams that could add a quarterback like the Rams could add a successor to Stafford. The Chiefs could maybe have a stop gap in case Mahomes isn't ready. Commanders, Jane Daniels been injured. Mario does a free agent. Cam Ward, they've talked about having a veteran quarterback behind him to learn from. And then San Francisco, if they trade M. Jones, which we'll talk about in a second, maybe they're looking to add a different backup quarterback to the fold. So, let's talk right at the top here. Let's eliminate some teams because the Raiders are 98% chance drafting Fernando Mendoza. So, they're probably not in >> That's your free point, guys. >> There's your free point. You can predict. We're We're talking free agents, so we're not even going to predict the Raiders as part of this. Um,

and we're not talking draft players either. We're just talking free agency predictions and matchmakers. The Colts have already transition tagged Daniel Jones. Now, for those of you guys that don't know, the transition tag means that any team can match the 37.83 83 million that they're going to pay Daniel Jones, which is a lot of money. Uh they can match that offer, sign him away for more, etc. And the Colts have an opportunity or have a chance to to leave with nothing potentially. They they could have Daniel Jones, some team could say, "We're going to pay Daniel Jones two years, uh $80 million, and the Colts could be left with nothing." That's the risk they run by transition tagging him for $6 million less than the franchise tag, which is exclusive rights. >> I'm locking this in. $37.8 million. No team in their right mind is going to out bid the Colts on that for a post Achilles stair Daniel Jones. I'm almost willing to just write it in like pen to

paper right now that Daniel Jones will be back as the starting quarterback for the Colts next year. >> Yeah, let's predict it because the other part of this too is financials, right? Minnesota does not have the money to pay Daniel Jones that kind of money. The Jets have the money to pay him that, but other than the Jets really and maybe you could get me there on >> they're bidding with themselves realistically. they'd be bidding against directly with the Colts would be the only other team, like I said, that would be really interested. The Cardinals could make it work as well. That would be the other team that could do it. But for the most part, I think we expect the Jets and Cardinals to go in different directions than that because, you know, are you going to pay that much money when you have Jacobe Brassette for 9 million? Are you going to pay that much money for Daniel Jones when, you know, he's coming off of a torn Achilles? Like, that's the other part of this,

too, is that he's got two major injuries in the last four years. >> Yeah. And we're doing it based off the predictions, what we think the team will do. But I'll just say my piece right now. The Colts knowing that a guy like Kyler Murray could be available for the league minimum and getting ahead and giving opposely stair Daniel Jones $37.8 million with that transition tag. To me, that's just a boneheaded move. Like go and see what the options are before committing that amount of capital because realistically what team is going to bid 37.8 million on Daniel Jones even if you didn't place the tag on him. >> Well, yeah. And then the other counter effect here is that they can't tag Alec Pierce. Uh the franchise, which would have made more sense. You franchise tag Alec Pierce. You see what Daniel Jones market is. You're probably bidding against yourself for the most part. There's probably not a team that's going to pay him what you're willing to pay

him because he's been in your system. You saw what it looked like when he was healthy and that kind of thing. So Daniel Jones is kind of the first domino to fall because he was transition tagged. But the next domino I would say that is expected to fall is Kyler Murray because Kyler Murray is basically been designated a postjune first cut. the Cardinals are going to eat 40 plus million dollars in terms of what they're going to eat in dead cap. But what this allows for is because he's going to get paid so much money from the Arizona Cardinals, there's kind of like offset language. I'm not going to get into too many weeds here, but basically he can play for the vet minimum if he wants to. And it's going to be an extremely low number that whatever team wants Kyler Murray services has to pay him. Now, the reason that's important is the Minnesota Vikings are dead last in salary cap, who are the best landing spot for a quarterback, period. And also the Miami Dolphins as another example are very

they're in negative cap right now as well. So they wouldn't be able to otherwise afford Kyler Murray if he was just a regular free agent set to make 30 40 $50 million a year. So um Kyler Murray is the first domino that's going to fall. I think everybody can look at the Minnesota Vikings as the most likely landing spot for him because they're the like if he's choosing between multiple fits he would probably want to go to Minnesota as well. >> Yeah, you have Justin Jefferson, you have Jordan Addison. Um we'll see what they end up doing. I'm sure they'll bring another compliment to the backfield with Jordan Mason after the news that they're moving on from Aaron Jones. But >> probably draft somebody. >> In terms of an ideal spot, like you said, you also have uh Kevin Oonnell dialing stuff up. We saw when he has quarterback or competent quarterback play, you could win 14 games there. It happened, you know, multiple occasions in these last couple of years. So,

really curious to see how they attack it because um yeah, every free agent quarterback that's going to be making a little amount of money is going to want to go to Minnesota, >> right? Yeah. So, not only does Kyler Murray have this scenario in in play for him that he could play on the vet minimum. Russell Wilson had this scenario a couple years ago with the Steelers, I believe he could probably still do something similar. Kurt Cousins has this scenario cuz the Falcons ate a bunch of dead cap when they caught him. And of course, Tua Tong Aloa who's expected to be released by the Minnesota Viking or by the Miami Dolphins could also do this as well. So, and like you said, Minnesota probably holds all the cards. The narrative, the rhetoric around JJ McCarthy seems to be that they want someone to push him, but it's possible JJ could win the job if he really rises to the occasion, really steps up to the challenge. And when you're getting Kyler Murray in this scenario for a one-year vet minimum type

of deal, you could use Kyler Murray for the year and then make your determination on JJ McCarthy after the season whether you want to resign Kyler if it goes well, let him walk in free agency or something if it doesn't go well. My thought process is that if I had to predict where Kyler Murray goes, I would predict the Minnesota Vikings. >> Yeah, that's where I'm leaning as well. You mentioned the other team with Miami. Again, if he wants to go to warm weather, obviously you have, you know, Jayla Wadd, Devon, and they bring in Sloic. Like, I can see that being a match. However, I just think is Miami going to go the Kyler Marie route or they're more so going to say, "Hey, it didn't work out with Tua. We're going to take a cheap year quarterback and then we're going to try to try potentially draft one next year." or maybe they like what they saw from Quinn Eers and want to give them a shot this year. So, I'll agree with you. I think it's going to be

Minnesota. And we'll talk about Miami in a second. But to me, Minnesota just makes all the sense. They're a team that is ready to win now. You have defensive personnel. You have, you know, playmakers on offense, a solid offensive line when it's healthy. Obviously, Christian Darasaw has to remain healthy in order that for that to be a factor, but Kyler Murray has everything that he wants checked off at the Minnesota landing spot. The only other one that makes a lot of sense for because I think he could go to some other teams. Maybe he could go to the Steelers or the Browns or something like that. The other one that does make a lot of sense is the Jets because right now they're actually currently the betting favorite to land Kyler Murray. And I think a large part of that is because they can kind of use each other. The Jets have three first round picks next year. Their quarterback is probably in the 2027 class. They already kind of did a pseudo deal like this with Justin Fields last year where

it was like, we'll get Justin Fields for cheap. It's a it's a flyer. If it works out, we resign the guy. if it doesn't work out, we move on and draft a quarterback or something like that. So, the Jets do make a lot of sense. And I also heard that that Aaron Glenn has some kind of connection with Kyler Murray's dad or something like he knows him or something like that. So, it's possible that would make sense. The the thing that holds me up on it is that if I'm Kyler Murray, I would rather go to Minnesota than New York. So, if Kyler has offers from both teams, I would imagine he would rather go play for Kevin O'Connell with Justin Jefferson in that offense in that stadium. It's an indoor stadium, too. It's not a shitty Metife situation. Like I that's the like again do the Jets make more sense maybe. Sure. But do the if the Vikings want him, they'll get him. That's my opinion. >> Yeah. No, I agree. I mean especially when you see the ascension that's

happened from Sam Darnold with his year for Minnesota. He goes to Seattle obviously ends up winning a Super Bowl this year. like they would be hard or Kyler Murray would be hardressed to not look at Sam Darl and think hm former highly selected quarterback that was once regarded high had a downstretch in terms of what he viewed in the media like that fits my profile to a team. >> Yeah. Yeah. Again that he's going to be the domino that once he goes somewhere I think that's when teams are going to go to their second option or maybe Kyler was their second option and they go with their first option aggressively. So that to me is one of the bigger dominoes because again would you rather have Kyler Murray for the league minimum or would you rather have Malik Willis or somebody who's available you know widely for 30 plus million. I would rather have Kyler Murray who I think is already better than Malik Willis and you're getting him for significantly less money. And even if

you slightly preferred Malik Willis the talent you're getting Kyler Murray for way less money. >> And this is why I keep coming back with the Colts. It's like respect to Daniel Jones. He looked good when he was healthy last year, but you are off your rocker if you not only would rather pay Daniel Jones that than Kyler the league minimum. I would rather Kyler Murray at 37.8 than Daniel Jones at 37.8. Let's just be perfectly clear. >> Yeah, I mean maybe they have some behind the scenes information that Kyler wouldn't come there or something like that. That would be the only thing that would really make sense. Um, so Kyler Domino, we think he's probably going to the I would say there's like a 60% chance he goes to the Vikings, like a 35% chance he would go to the Jets and then like the rest for the field. Like maybe he'd go to the Dolphins because they could use a cheap quarterback. Maybe the Steelers lose Aaron Rogers to retirement and they make an aggressive

play for him because they've done this already. Like Russell Wilson was on the the vet minimum when they signed him. So I wouldn't rule out the Steelers as a potential Kyler Murray team, too, because they have, you know, a new regime, a new kind of look to their team. They've been like the statue quarterback type of offense for a long time. Maybe they want to spruce things up. >> Yeah. No, it could make sense here. Um, but overall, we predicted the Vikings, we predicted the Colts. You guys should should see the graphics on the screen for those quarterbacks match made to those teams. Let's move on to the next year though with these solid landing spots. >> Yeah. And let's talk about Malik Willis because I do think that Malik Willis is the next quarterback that will be the domino that people are after. So Malik Willis of course has been linked to the Miami Dolphins because they have the Green Bay Packers defensive coordinator, Jeff Hafley as their new head coach and

John Eric Sullivan, the GM um was in Green Bay as the assistant GM or part of the front office there. So that's the easy one that everyone goes, okay, he's going to Miami because they know him and all that kind of stuff. The problem is that Miami doesn't have the money to sign him. They have minus5 million against the cap right now. They're going to eat a lot of money on Tuatung of Aloa. They already ate a lot of money on Tyreek Hill. The the thing that Miami I'm sure there's a way that they could make this work. Like the modern NFL, there's salary cap stuff that you can do all the time. You can defer money. You can cut more players. You can do whatever. My question is, are they going to want to pay like let's say it's 2 by60 to get Malik Willis. It's 2530 million a year on a two or threeyear deal. Are they going to want to do that when they seem to like Quinners and also this is a a kind of a rebuilding team and a reset year? So, this is where I

get confused with all the Malik Willis rumors. Like, where is Miami going to get that money from? Realistically, they're already 6 million above the cap right now. I'm sure there's probably restructures they can do. Uh, a Miami fan might point that out in the comments, but realistically, if you release Tua, that's what, 90 million extra dad dead cap that you have on your cap. I just don't see a world where you can clear 100 million a cap simply by off of, you know, restructures, maybe letting some people go that have outs in their contracts. Like again, I could be totally wrong there. I just I have a hard time seeing them clearing what would be potentially 130 million in cap to then give 30 away to Malik Willis. So for me, when I'm looking at Miami, it almost feels like this is the spot for, you know, an older veteran quarterback that you want to pair with Quinn Essa, the Aaron Rogers, Kerr Cousins type of route. >> Yeah. Like it's it's really difficult to figure out

because from the the players perspective, which is kind of how we're focusing this f focusing this first is what do we do with Malik Willis because everybody's first instinct is to put him to Miami because of the connections that they have. >> I don't see it. >> I I don't see it either. I think if we're talking about what makes the most sense for Malik Willis, the Jets have the money to sign him. The Cardinals have the money to sign him. The Steelers, I don't know if they would do it or not, but they were once interested in Malik Willis coming out of the draft. and they have the money to sign him as well. So those to me are the three teams that actually would sign Malik Willis is the Jets, the Cardinals, and the Steelers. The Browns could theoretically do it from a financial uh standpoint. They're not in that bad of a situation, but they already are paying Deshun Watson so much money still that it doesn't make that much sense. And they are also negative cap, but they have

moves that they can make to free up cap space. So, between the Jets, between the Cardinals, and between the Steelers, if you had to predict kind of like Malik Willis's landing spot here, what are we what are we thinking? >> Yeah, I'm trying to think if there's any connections from a coaching perspective, like you said. Um >> I mean, like the the only connection is that the Steelers probably did extensive uh research on him that year coming out of the draft. >> Yeah. Like, and obviously the half connection that you kind of just pointed out with Miami, I just don't think they have the assets to or cap space to be able to get him. Um, I mean, we're hearing a lot of rumblings pairing Malik Willis to the Arizona Cardinals, which funny enough, I'm like, if you're just going to keep the smaller mobile quarterback, just you could have held on to Kyler Murray. But I think that's where I'm going to be leaning because again, the other connection here

is of course Mike Lafleur goes to the Arizona Cardinals, whose brothers with Matt Lafleur, who funny enough was the head coach for Malik Willis last year. >> Yeah, I was waiting for that one to come up because I thought of it right after I said the whole Steelers thing. So, yeah. Uh the Arizona Cardinals to me I think they're the team that makes the play for Malik Wills because we all are also hearing and this is it's all related that they could draft Jeremiah Love at three. And if you're drafting Jeremiah Love at three, why would you do that if you don't have a quarterback? Well, the reason you might do that is because you just uh signed Malik Willis to a big contract extension whose best trait is his mobility and you'd have a very dynamic backfield to go along with the receiver and tight end talent that you already have. So the Cardinals, they could be a fun team with Malik Willis, Jeremiah Love, Marvin Harrison Jr., Michael Wilson, and Trey McBride. Even if they don't take Jeremiah Love, like

they could just draft a tackle or something instead. >> They're the team that sticks out to me as the most logical fit for Malik Willis. The Jets and Steelers could make it work. The Browns maybe, the Dolphins maybe. But I do think that the Cardinals are the one that I point to and I go, that's the one that makes the most logical sense. >> Yeah. And obviously from a fantasy perspective, it's like if you had McBride this year, Marvin Harrison this year specifically, Michael Wilson this year, once Marvin Harrison went down, it's like, hey, I like Malik Willis a lot. I think he could be, you know, a very good NFL real life quarterback. And obviously for fantasy specifically for him, he'd be great. But the downgrade in terms of overall volume between Brassette and Malik Willis would be a sight to behold. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, it definitely would be. Um, the next So, we have the Mendoza domino is going to fall to the Raiders. We have the Kyler domino. We're

predicting kind of the Vikings. Maybe the Jets do that. The Malik Willis domino. Again, everyone's connecting them to the Dolph connecting him to the Dolphins. We're kind of more so thinking Arizona. And I would actually say to the Steelers would be the second most likely team to sign him if I had to pick one. >> What about Tua? Because Tua is in the same situation as as Kyler Murray, which is that his team is going to pay him all the money that he's owed and he's going to play for the vet minimum. He feels like the I don't have a dance partner quarterback where like I missed out on Kyler Murray, I missed out on Malik Willis and now I'm going to settle for Tua. So, if you had to kind of line up what the landing spots are for Tua, what would you be thinking here? >> So, I'm between two. It totally depends on what the league perception of Tua is right now. It's like, is this guy going to be a guy that we get on a cheap contract that we want more so as a

backup or is this going to be a guy that we realistically think can, you know, bridge a year for us? Like the Jets for example, bridge a year for us and then we have three first round picks in 2027. The two spots I'm really between, and you might be shocked to hear this, the New York Jets and the Atlanta Falcons. >> Yeah, I was thinking Atlanta, too. I was thinking Atlanta, too, because they also have a left-handed quarterback as well. So, schematically and offensive line-wise, it wouldn't be that much of a change. >> Yeah, cuz honestly, I mean, because we're going to talk about Kirk Cousins in a little bit. Um, spoiler alert, we do think Kirk Cousins is going to be leaving Atlanta. It's already basically confirmed. I think Tua Tongalo is going to take his spot there. Actually, I'm going to put him with the Atlanta Falcons. That's my bold prediction. Okay, you're putting two out of the Atlanta Falcons. That's an interesting one. I again I I like it. The the

Falcons um because they're eating so much money on Kirk have 16 million cap space, they're you know, probably don't want to allocate that much more to the quarterback position. But I would imagine most Atlanta Falcons, you know, uh brass would say like we probably should get somebody in here because we can't have nothing behind Penn who's coming off of his third ACL tier of his ACL tier of his football playing career. even though it's on the opposite knee that the other two were on. So, yeah, I think that one makes sense. Like you said, the Jets also makes sense because they just seem like the team that like we kind of just need a warm body out there because we're probably drafting our quarterback next year. I uh I'm gonna I've got to agree with you. I think that he goes to the Falcons. I I think that's >> it makes a lot of sense because like >> it does. Yeah. And again, the Steelers and Jets are both kind of wild cards because the Steelers, I think their

preference would probably be Aaron Rodgers, but Aaron Rogers, a very acceptable pick for any of you guys doing this exercise and either of us is he just retires. We can also just predict him to retire as well. So, that would throw a wrench into this whole situation. Um, let's talk about the ultimate wild card of all wild cards before we talk about Aaron Rogers. Let's talk about Derek Carr because Derek Carr, there's legitimate smoke that he could come out of retirement. I think technically it would need to be a trade, not a signing because I think the Saints would still hold his rights. >> Um, >> so what would his contract be then? >> I'm going to look up his contract details right now. And uh, >> that's going to change my answer a lot because I think there's a pretty easy landing spot assuming that it's a league minimum. >> Yeah, it it's not. So, they're not cutting his contract. His contract, he's still under contract and they have him.

He He would be a free agent after the 2026 season. So, he signed a 4-year $150 million deal, average salary of 375. It doesn't look like he has like a ton of guarantees left on the on the actual contract. But, I think that whoever trades for him would be absorbing the contract he signed with New Orleans, the back end of it. >> Which trade as in it would probably be a six for seven score. >> Yeah. It's it's a day three pick or something like I don't think they're paying much to get him. >> So, I'm going to mega brain here because apparently Aaron Rogers was non-committal about whether or not he's actually going to come back next year. Um like there was a report from I believe the Pat McAfee show that he's still weighing his options and he would realistically probably only want to sign with the right team there. Um, Derek Carr coming out of retirement is going to want to work with a coach that he trusts and an offensive system that has been proven. This is the Pittsburgh

Steelers next quarterback. >> You're going to call Pittsburgh for the Derek Carr sweep stakes. >> Okay. Well, because I'm looking at it realistically, if they're inheriting the cap, are Miami going to be able to afford that? Cuz like Miami would be the other option here. I don't think Cleveland would go the direction of a Derek Carr and I'm left with uh with the Pittsburgh Steelers here. Like again, this is assuming that he would come out low for ease sake. >> You're allowed to say he doesn't come out of retirement if you want to predict that landing spot. >> Okay, cuz like if he's available, I think a Steelers option would make a ton of sense. >> I will give you the point if you say he does not come out of retirement and he doesn't come out of retirement. So if you if you're you're either predicting he does or you're predicting he doesn't. It's not like if he comes out you get the point. You do not get the point if

he stays >> retire. That's spicy. Um does he come out of retirement is the question I have cuz I think if he comes out this is the most logical landing spot for him. Especially having a vertical wide receiver. You have, you know, some of your possession options there like a Pat Fryouth. Maybe you add a guy like Casey Conpsio. I genuinely think the the Steelers with kind of how culturally they've been set going from, you know, Tomlin to uh obviously Mike McCarthy there, like it doesn't feel like they're trying to just completely rebuild this thing. It feels like they're trying to patchwork it again. And Derek Carr would be the ultimate patchwork quarterback to add to the score. >> Yeah. So, >> so is that your official prediction then? Because you I got to remind you probably can't use Aaron, you pretty much have to predict that Aaron Rogers is retiring if you say that. >> [ __ ] Um, is it more likely they would trade for the cap of Derek Carr assuming he comes

back or just sign Aaron Rogers for super cheap? I keep [ __ ] going back and forth here. Um, >> yeah, I'll let you think about that for a second. I'll tell you why. >> We we'll move like Yeah, we'll come back to it. >> Derek Carr is going to the Jets. That's my prediction. >> Spice. >> Derek Carr is going to the Jets. Their pass game coordinator, somebody on their quarterback core staff or whatever is connected directly to Derek Carr. So, that's why I think it's going to happen. And also too, I've said this a million different times, what I would do if I was the Jets is sign a vet minimum quarterback or keep Tyrod Taylor or somebody like that and draft like a Drew All or somebody with a lot of college experience who could worst case scenario become your future backup quarterback. Best case scenario shows a lot and becomes Tyler Shuck. So that's what I would do if I was running the Jets. However, that requires patience from

your ownership and I think that that Aaron Glenn will get fired midseason if they're not winning games. So, my prediction is that they go after Derek Carr because they want to be competitive at the risk of, you know, setting the franchise back, which the prudent thing to do in my opinion would be to get your quarterback in next year's class when you have three first round picks and you're probably going to pick high. But I don't think they're going to do that. I think they're going to try and be competitive and go after Derek Carr. So, that's my prediction. >> Yeah. No, I don't mind that. I I think I'm going to do it. I think I'm going to have car to the Steelers to spice it up because um Aaron Rogers is far more likely to retire in my opinion than I mean Derek Carr is just so much younger than than Aaron Rogers at this point. Like yeah, you took a year off but realistically what's stopping you from going and working with McCarthy there?

>> Yeah, not much. I mean so let's talk about Aaron Rogers now. Uh you are predicting retirement I would assume then. >> Yeah, we we'll go retirement home. He uh ends up making spot appearances on the McAfee show. >> Okay. So, I didn't obviously I didn't use the Steelers landing spot yet. So, I am gonna do the hedging thing because this is a competition against you and I am going to predict Aaron Rogers to go back to the Steelers on a one-year deal. >> Respectable. Um >> I mean, is there a possibly on Rogers, is there a possibility goes anywhere else? >> Minnesota. >> That's the only other team you think? >> Well, it would have to be a team that he realistically like probably like that need a vet quarterback to work with a young guy that he has a chance to win with. And Minnesota just screams that out. Like the Colts would make a ton of sense if they didn't give [ __ ] >> I was gonna say the Colts would make a

ton of sense if they didn't give [ __ ] Daniel Jones the transition tag. >> Yeah, that's true. Okay, so yeah, Aaron Rogers again. I I I agree. I think that the Vikings he would be interested in going there. I'm not sure the Vikings would be interested in having him there. I think they would prefer Kyler Murray. I think they'd prefer some of the other options even like I think the Vikings would rather have Tua on the vet minimum than than Aaron Rogers for the price tag that he would cost because Minnesota has like actually no money. They're literally dead last in the NFL in cap space. They're already shedding salaries. They cut Jonathan Allen yesterday to to do some of this stuff and they already designated Aaron Jones to be cut as well. Um, so those are like the starting QB options I would say. Like they you signed them, you're probably starting them kind of thing. Do we h we have right now the Jets paired up with somebody or I have the Jets paired up with somebody. The Cardinals

paired up. We both picked Malik Willis. The Vikings are paired up with Kyler Murray. The Colts are paired up. The Raiders are paired up. The teams that we don't really have paired up right now are the Dolphins and then you for the Jets and then also Cleveland. >> Well, we can get those those first two spots right out of the way because I think Gino Smith's going to be a Dolphin. I think Kirk Cousins's going to be a Jet. >> Okay. Gino Smith to the Dolphins for Danny. And >> just thinking about the financials, Gino Smith's probably not going to accept a huge contract, especially knowing he's made some money these last couple years. >> Yeah. He's a vet guy, too, because of how much the Raiders owe him. >> Yeah. So, like realistically, I do think like the Dolphins are a spot that he can rebuild his stock because I do still think he views himself as a starting NFL quarterback and I do think for the Dolphins, you're taking a lowrisk, high

reward option there, knowing that his track record before this year was strong. And I also like Kirk Cousins to the Jets here. Uh they just hired Frank Reich as their offense coordinator. You know, an old school um you know, short short area passing game type of offense. You get Kirk Cousins in there. Is he what he was in his prime? No. But for the Jets, you need a warm body there that can get you to 2027 where you have three first. Absolutely. And I do think it would be funny if they went from one Achilles stair quarterback to another one within a four-year stretch. >> I'll throw out a sleeper name for the Jets. They trade for Andy Dalton as well because presence there he worked Dalton in Carolina. That would also be a possibility I think as well. But okay, so you're going Dolphins, Gino Smith, Jets, Kirk Cousins. For my like musical chair standpoint here, I have the Jets matched up with with um Derek Carr, like I said. So, what I think will end up happening here is >> Gino Smith to me is probably the next

most appealing of the options. So, I'm trying to think what team would be in on Gino Smith. I put Rogers back to the Steelers. I have Derek Carter of the Jets. The Dolphins need a quarterback and the Browns would need a quarterback and also the Fal I actually put the that Tua would go to the Falcons as well. So, I think by law of you know averages here, I think I probably got to put Gino to the Dolphins, I would imagine. I guess I could put him down to Kansas City or something as well if Mahomes coming off the injury. Maybe they want a high priority backup. Uh somebody like that. >> I that's actually what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go Gino Smith to the Chiefs. He's the backup quarterback for Patrick Mahomes and maybe he has to start at the beginning of the season. >> Yeah. No, I think that would make sense there. >> And then I will put Kurt Cousins to the Dolphins instead. >> Kirk Cousins goes to the Dolphins. He's going to work with Quinn Eers and uh

that's what's going to be the setup there. And then Shot in the Dark, Joe Flacco, Russell Wilson. Are they anywhere interesting to anybody? Uh, I'll just let you throw them somewhere cuz we we'll talk about Cleveland in a second because they don't actually have anybody matched up here. >> Uh, Joe Flaco, I actually think the Chiefs landing spot would make a ton of sense. You get four games to kind of, you know, audition what you've been doing. You don't expect to be like a long-term franchise quarterback, but at the same time winning culture, backing up Patrick Mahomes, you have a chance to potentially win if that Chiefs offense can get back up to the level that we saw prior to the Mahomes injury. I just think it's a win-win. You play some ball, you get to rest for the rest of the year, assuming Mahomes comes back healthy. >> Okay, that makes sense. I'll throw Flaco to the Rams. Um Matthew Stafford had the back stuff. A little bit of worrisome

situation. I don't think that the the Rams are now in play really to draft Tai Simpson anymore because they traded 29 to the Chiefs for Trent McDuffy. And also too, they're trying to win. They probably want to, you know, weapon or something at 13 or maybe another defensive player or something like that. So, I'm expecting them to just forego. They need a backup quarterback though because Jimmy Garopppolo is a free agent. Maybe they just bring him back, but I think Flacco is a better option. So, I'll go Flaccco to the Rams. I'll put Russell Wilson to the Titans. >> I was going to say I actually really agree with that. You have a young quarterback there with Cam Ward. Um, obviously this past year, the New York Giants, uh, Russell Wilson initially started and then you had him working behind a young quarterback there with Jackson Dur. You have a veteran option that he can learn from, a guy that has won a Super Bowl before. And realistically, uh, with Robert Solid coming in, you just want to make sure

the priority is developing your young quarterback. And I do think Russ can help there. >> Okay. Um, do you have any like there's a couple other guys that are available. If you can get one, this will be worth two points. Just a random bonus shot in the dark. It happens. It's worth two points. I already know my answer. Um, >> the backups. >> Yeah, just just guys that are still available. Any shot in the dark. I'm going Zach Wilson gets to San Francisco. If M. Jones gets traded, I'm going to just take the upside swing there. >> Yeah, if Mac Jones gets traded that like obviously that'll >> Oh, like so you're predicting it like even if he gets traded or not. Like >> I'm saying like he probably won't get traded, but if he does get traded, I think that would be their best case scenario for a quarterback. So that's why I'm predicting it. Again, it's worth two points. If it hits, it's probably not going to hit though. So between

Jimmy Garopolo, Marcus Mariota, Zack Wilson, Kenny Pickicket, or Trey Lance, if there's any team that you're like, I'll throw them there. Yeah. Um I'm trying to think right now because the Browns probably going to go for a cheap option in the draft. They could go with this this direction here. Um I'm thinking about Garopolo also back to the Ram just because like that would make a ton of sense. Familiarity. >> I'm not going to give you two points for that. It's got to be bolder than that. >> Um okay. So it's just a >> like Yeah. Where's Lance or Zack Wilson or Mariota or Kenny Picket go? Like if you can predict that it's like a new team, then I'll give you two points for it if it happens. I'll um I'll go Mariota to the Browns just cuz >> Mariota to the Browns. Okay, >> I see. Sure. >> That's an offthe-wall one for sure. >> I mean like what are they going to do there? You have two bad rookie

quarterbacks and you have a Predator. Like >> well let's talk let's talk about the Browns because they're the one that we didn't match make anybody to. We didn't put Tua there. We didn't like because first of all, let's talk about it right away. They can only afford these vet minimum guys. like they don't have the money to go after some of these other dudes just because they have so much wrapped up into Deshun Watson. Now, >> I would have assumed that they would have just cut bait with the Watson contract, ate the dead cap, and moved on their merry way, but that's not the narrative we're hearing out of camp right now. The narrative is like it could be a Watson, Shadur Sanders, Dylan Gabriel QB competition. So disgusting. I also think because there is another quarterback in this class getting first round buzz. Ty Simpson being that quarterback. 24 were Cleveland picks. very possible. They also pick very high in the second round. It's possible they

could pick him there as well. Um they to me seem like the Tai Simpson landing spot if there is one because >> yeah, like you said, if you want a veteran stop gap, why not just use Watson? You're paying him so much anyways. If you want a young quarterback and you don't believe in Shadur, it's probably got to be Tai Simpson, right? Like they're probably not going to go after Drawler or something like that. >> Yeah. Full transparency, do I think Mario is going to sign with the Browns? No. They have way too much congestion at the quarterback position right now. But it's like where what other direction are we going to go? Like are the Rams going to bring in Mariota? Like we already had the Titans kind of match made there. Uh I do think the 49ers going to keep uh M. Jones. So um just going with a team that needs a quarterback and can get one for super super cheap. >> What does Cleveland do? Let me ask you that question straight up. What does Cleveland do? Are they because my my

lean right now is that they go into the season with Shadur Sanders and >> Yeah, that's where I'm leaning. I think it's nothing. I I had to put Mariota to somewhere and like I couldn't see anywhere else. >> Well, yeah, cuz like Cleveland has bigger fish to fry right now, dude. Their whole offensive line minus Titus Howard who they just traded for is like an unrestricted free agent. I think that Betonio and Teller and those veteran guys are probably going to want to go to competitive teams, especially teams like, you know, the Bears just lost uh Drew Dolman to retirement. Like, they could, you know, one of those guys could go play center for the Bears or something like that. Like, it doesn't make any sense to me that that the Cleveland Browns are going to retain a bunch of their offensive linemen. They need to draft one at six and they also need receiver help. They probably need help on defense in general. Even though their defense is very good, they could

maybe use another piece in the secondary or up front. Their offense across the board needs help. And I think what would make the most sense for them, very similar to the Jets, is assume their future quarterback is probably in next year's class, knowing that Shadur is interesting enough that you could get excited about him and Watson's interesting enough and you financially you're just so tethered to him already that why would I cut Watson and then sign Mariota or sign Russell Wilson or sign Kirk Cousins? Like I might as well just use Watson as that guy unless you're like we don't want the PR nightmare. We're going to just cut Watson, eat the money, and sign Kirk Cousins. which I can also see. >> Yeah, there's a couple different directions, but yeah, realistically, um, this is a quarterback map, let's just say, right now. Um, anything could happen. This is our best predictions for it, but realistically, if you told me that, oh, well, there was some real

smoke in Aaron Rodgers going to the [ __ ] Colts, for example. Like, uh, maybe not after the transition tag, but like that could be like something off the wall. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. And uh for fun, let's say um the free agent matchmaker, we're going to do this for quarterbacks, running backs, wide receivers, and tight ends. If there's anybody out there, we'll we'll like, you know, kind of keep track of it or whatever. Or maybe honor system will have you guys keep track of your own. Uh if anybody out there beats us, the highest score that we receive, we'll give an annual [ __ ] subscription to on.com. So if if we have let's say like 20 total correct between quarterback, running back, wide receiver, and tight end, and you had 26 correct or something like that, we'll have >> We could make a form for it, too. Uh just be like the the landing spots and like like who who will they sign? Landing spot, who will they sign? And just kind of like >> Yeah, I mean that seems like a lot to

track. We'll just have we'll do it on comment. Make sure you comment it on every video. We'll obviously go and double check after you say you got 26 right. We'll go back and look. >> It better not say in brackets edited, by the way. Yeah. No, for sure. So, we'll uh we'll we'll double check that you were correct. But yeah, if anybody gets more than us, you have to get more than we get, right? And also the highest number that we receive, we'll give an annual [ __ ] membership to somebody out there. So, appreciate you guys for tuning in. Quarterback, matchmaker, ton of fun. We'll do running backs tomorrow, wide receivers, and tight ends in the coming days. Appreciate you guys for tuning in. Like, comment, subscribe, all that good stuff. Peace out. We'll talk to you soon. You beat me.
