We are 9 days away from the 2026 NFL Draft and today we're going to break down our top 20 wide receiver rankings. You guys might be wondering if we've done this already this off season. We have not. We have completed watching this class top 50 overall players in the FSC Draft Guide. The FSC Wall Street Journal is live right now on the site. But what we're going to go through today basically is have the conversations, the strengths, the weaknesses, the comps that we saw, how we see these guys stack up in tier list format and we'll kind of swap between Danny and my rankings as we go throughout it. Uh Danny, let's get it kicked off with the two receivers in this class that we believe are top 10 talents in the NFL Draft. The S tier for our rankings are top 10 talents. The A tier top 25, B tier top 50, so like your second round caliber type of guys. C tier is top 75, so more your two three turn type of guys in the real NFL Draft. And then D tier is more your top 100 talents. Maybe they sneak early day

three, maybe they go at the back of the third round. And then anything below that's kind of day three guys. Yeah, and to no one's surprise who's been watching the content this off season, who's you know watched us go through dynasty rookie drafts, who's kind of heard our thoughts maybe on some live streams or perhaps even has the Dynasty Wall Street Journal over on the site. These top two wide receivers are tier of their own. A lot of people are going to have Jordan Addison in this tier. We'll talk about him in a second. We view him in the next tier. But for us, interchangeably our wide receiver one and two, for me Carnell Tate at one, Lemon at two. For you Lemon at one and Carnell Tate at number two. Yeah, I'll I'll get it kicked off with Lemon because I think in the the dynasty community seems to have him consensus wise as the wide receiver one, whereas the NFL Draft community seems to agree with you more so that that Tate is the wide receiver one. Strengths, magnetic

hands, zone beater, yards after catch ability. He's one of these more like quicker than fast type of players. He did run a 453 reportedly at his pro day. But downfield usage was a strength for him even despite being a slot receiver, despite being not a 43 guy. Um he has like bulldog toughness. The comp is pretty easy to come up with when you see this USC wide receiver play this way. He has the 10 110 plus reception PPR upside that JSN or Amon-Ra St. Brown had. And uh other than like some mental mistakes here and there, the fact that he does play in the slot, the fact that he is a little bit undersized and unproven versus press, this is a locked and loaded stud caliber wide receiver prospect. And when you look at his FSC prospect model information, you're looking at a player with an 89.15% FSC grade which is fifth highest all time since 2016. And if he goes in the top 10, let's say the Commanders take him at seven, the Saints take him at eight or something like that, he will be

in the league winner tier. And the league winner tier, his best comparable would be CeeDee Lamb. In terms of In terms of range of outcomes, I kind of view it like a 50th percentile range of outcome, he's like a Golden Tate level player. 75th percentile, maybe you get to like a Doug Baldwin who was a top 12 wide receiver for what, four to five year stretch there. You get to like 85th percentile, Amon-Ra St. Brown. And then if he lives up to that full ceiling who is actually your comp, we could even see potentially a JSN type of 2025 year in his future. I do think this prospect is well worth the hype and I do think although, you know, some people might point out it's not a slot only player, but is a slot mainly player. This is a guy that you're going to want to be funneling through your slot. But I would argue given where the current modern NFL is going, the fact that he can play in on the outside, he can play in those 12 personnel packages, he's not a risk to potentially get Josh

Downs for example. Like we see Josh Downs, oh my god, yards per route every year, but he's running 70% of the routes. I don't see that being in the range of outcomes for Makai Lemon cuz I do think he was good enough to be able to supply some on the outside. But of course the main value is going to be in that, you know, PPR power slot, give him 165 targets and let him run, you know, five yards, six yards after the catch every single play. Danny, who are the best five receivers in football? In terms of fantasy or in terms of real NFL? >> Just real NFL. Uh some combination I would say of Chase, Jefferson, Lamb, Puka Nacua, JSN, and Those five names were the five that I was looking for. All five of them are 30% or more slot receivers. >> Yeah, which is what you want. And not let alone Amon-Ra who would be probably pretty quickly after the list that you gave also like a 60-70% slot receiver. So yeah, those guys, I don't care that they play in the slot. NFL coaching staffs, especially those McShanahan

trees, are going to know exactly how to use Lemon. Yeah, no no debate for me. He graded out 90.5 for me, 91 for you. A guy that I did have with a slightly higher grade though was Carnell Tate. Carnell Tate, the moment I watched him, I'm like he's this good at running routes. Oh my god. He's this good at gliding by people at the break. Oh my god. 86% contested catch rate. When you plug all those factors together, you get a dominant number one X wide receiver. And sure, he's probably only about average after the catch. I would say that's definitely the main area of weakness. But if the this guy fully rounds out his game, again former five star recruit, number two wide receiver in this class, I saw shades of Davante Adams. You mentioned the current top five wide receivers in the NFL. What I would argue Davante Adams, you know, between the 2017 through 2021 stretch, you're probably arguing as a top three option himself. So it's clear why we're high on both these players. I think dynasty wide

receiver one is in their range of outcomes. Well, I think both of them will be dynasty wide receiver ones the second they get drafted. Like I think One overall, let me explain it. >> Yeah, but like just in terms of overall value of the pick that you're spending on these guys, we're talking, you know, Tutu Atwell, last year's offensive rookie of the year for example, is right around the exact same range of dynasty wide receiver value that these two players represent for us. Now obviously, landing spot, draft capital is going to matter. But assuming decent landing spots, decent draft capital, and even let's say worst case scenario, Makai Lemon goes 16th overall to the New York Jets, he will still be a player that I rank as a top 12 dynasty wide receiver over his teammate Garrett Wilson and over the likes of like Emeka Egbuka as well. Where I currently have the 102 and 103 ranked, I have them 28th and 29th overall in my rankings. For reference, 101 Jeremiah Love I currently have as my

110. So a a late first round pick. In terms of the 102 103 in this class cuz people have, you know, a lot of people on Twitter, a lot of people on YouTube, a lot of content that you guys might have consumed. They might say like, oh yeah, it's Jeremiah Love and then like the two through six range kind of blurs together. For me, I view these two wide receivers legitimately as early third round startup picks, guys that I view next to like Jalen Hurts in a startup. Colson Loveland in a startup is up there for me. Justin Herbert. I would have them both ahead of Nico Collins and George Pickens right now as it currently stands. Yeah, no. So basically what you're saying is they're borderline top 10 dynasty wide receivers right now. And like again, Carnell Tate most likely landing spot probably Cleveland. Makai Lemon most likely landing spot probably somewhere between the Commanders at seven and the Rams at 13. That's probably where he's going to go most likely. Maybe he goes to the Ravens,

maybe he goes to the Jets after that. Either way, can't really go wrong with either of these two players. And also a quick mention here with Carnell Tate, you see the player card. This is available in the Dynasty Wall Street Journal. You also see above the picture of Carnell Tate that it says prospect video. You can go watch me and Danny break down Carnell Tate's film. And basically for every prospect top 50 overall prospects that we have film breakdowns for, you can go check that out. About a 30-ish minute film breakdown for your top end guys that we're talking about here. And then once we get lower down the list individually, we each broke one of those guys down um for about 15-20 minutes or so. But if you want real film analysis, that kind of stuff, we can't obviously show that on YouTube. So that's available in the draft guide there. Let's talk about the A tier, Danny, which you have as Jordan Tyson, wide receiver Arizona State, Casey Concepcion, wide receiver Texas

A&M, and Omar Cooper Jr., wide receiver of Indiana. For me, I don't have Omar Cooper Jr. in that territory, but it is Tyson and Concepcion for that range. Let's talk about Tyson first considering most people view the top two guys very interchangeably with Tyson and some people actually prefer Tyson. Yeah, there are just some concerns. People, you know, got mad that it got referenced that teams have, you know, I guess insecurities about his competitive level. I did see areas at the catch point where it's like you wanted him to come down with some more of the those balls. On top of that, you know, aesthetically he looks like one of the best route runners in the league. But there is a little bit of Jerry Jeudy-ism to here in the sense that he's very flashy. He does win on his routes. But there are also routes that he'll take himself out of the play. And on top of that, people talk about his YAC. Oh, maybe he could be a Ja'Marr Chase. Maybe he could be a CeeDee Lamb. I'm sorry.

Ja'Marr Chase, CeeDee Lamb, they weren't breaking six missed tackles on what, 61 receptions he had this year? Yeah, and and that's Danny, you just mentioned a bunch of concerns for Tyson without once mentioning mentioning his injury history. So yeah, there is a lot of Jordan Tyson people out there that pretend that if he never was injured, he would be the wide receiver one in this class. And maybe his profile would >> And that's what I fundamentally disagree with. Sorry. >> Exactly. We see the yards after catch stuff, the catch point tracking. There are some teams that have some issue with his like blocking effort, his mental toughness. Again, I'm not I don't know the kid. I'm not going to sit here and say that that is something that's absolutely true. But I did see on film moments where he wasn't playing through the ball at the catch point. There's moments on film where he's not intentionally breaking off defenders yards after catch wise. And you could

say maybe that's injury history related and when fully healthy he would do that stuff. But it's all connected. Yeah, and I'm not expecting him to win at the catch point like freaking Carnell Tate does or Makai Lemon does even. But at the same time when we're comparing him, again in the context of comparing him to those two because that's what everybody's going to do. Everybody says this is a top three wide receiver class. Some people will have Jordan Tyson as the one. Some people will say, oh if he never got hurt it wouldn't even be close. I've seen that narrative all over Twitter. I've seen that narrative all over YouTube, all over the media. But at the same time, I just mentioned that Carnell Tate had an 86% contested catch rate. Jordan Tyson 43.8% percent contested catch rate and a career 7.6% drop rate. The hands are just not where you need them to be. And now obviously like as an aerial traveler, being able to go up and get the football, being able to look

athletic, Jordan Tyson aesthetically looks like a number one wide receiver. You think, oh my god. Justin Jefferson had a little bit of this to him coming out of LSU. There's just major differences in terms of I would say the overall rounded of their game. Justin Jefferson, I've seen him in triple coverage on fourth and 15, come down with what, maybe a 5% likelihood pass against the Buffalo Bills? Jordan Addison, maybe aerially can travel like that. He's not winning at the catch point like he was. So again, my biggest gripe I would say is people putting him at that level. Can we just appreciate him for what he is? He's a very good wide receiver. Acting like he's perfect is what's going to get you in trouble. Yeah, and we have him ranked as our 105, our wide receiver three collectively. You kind of went with the high-end comp of a Stefon Diggs. I go with more of a low-end comp with Rashod Bateman. In the prospect model, the floor listed Rashod Bateman, median kind of Jerry Jeudy you

made mention to there. And then on the ceiling end of things, just from a profile standpoint, he's very similar to Ameca Egbuka, who was also a senior coming out. And Lemon and Tate are both early declares, both true juniors and a little bit younger than Jordan Addison. But generally speaking, this is still a very good prospect. The only reason we sound like we're anti-Jordan Addison is because of the general sentiment and narrative around Jordan Addison. And that's what I had to make sure I specified cuz there will be people probably in the comments, "Oh my god, Danny, you hate Jordan Addison." It's like, I hate how he's being talked about. I like the player. He's my wide receiver three in the class. I appreciate him for what he is, but he's very clearly more of an A-tier option for me than an S-tier option cuz I do think Casey Concepcion and Omar Cooper, for me we'll talk about that's the difference in our rankings. You had Omar Cooper, I believe in an 84.0. I had him

at an 85.0. I view Tyson closer to those guys than I do the top two. Yeah, and let's talk about Casey Concepcion because he is our both of our wide receiver fours. When you kind of run him through the prospect model, you see like a Sterling Shepard, a Jordan Addison, a Chris Olave, another guy who was also an early declare, came out as a true freshman, led his team in targets, yards, touchdowns, had 10 touchdowns his his true freshman season. Analytically, his grade in the prospect model is a 96th percentile number of 35.75. On film, and Matt Harmon is proof of this, route running is a big time strength of him. He basically achieved an 80-plus percentile success rate across the board against man, zone, press coverage. He has versatility to both be a slot receiver at the next level, maybe be a Z receiver very similar to what we said off the top with Makai Lemon, you probably ideally want to play this guy in the slot about 30 to 50% of the time, but he's not, you know, a Josh Downs who's got to play in the

slot all the time. Great production this year at Texas A&M. Both of us on film saw some left out on the field, too. Definitely could have had more yards, more touchdowns. Um, very developed profile, minus the the bad sophomore year at NC State before he transferred. There's not a whole lot of blemishes with his analytics. Yards after catch ability is a strength, and then the other big weakness people point to is he's 5'11, 190 or so pounds. At the catch point, his strength, hand fighting, ability to track the football needed work, and it did result in a lot of concentration drops and things of that nature. My comp for him is Chris Olave because I think that him and Chris Olave share a lot of the same strengths, which is that they're not the strongest guys in the world, but they know how to get open. Yeah, and my comp is a little bit more slender. Again, this guy was only 5'11, 180. Concepcion was a big winner of the Draft Combine, weighing and tracking in terms of his height like better than

people expected. There was a concern, "Oh, would he be 5'10, 183 pounds?" But the fact that he checked that box, I believe what, 6'0, 196 official. Yeah, 196 is a big box that he checked for sure. His stylistic comp for me though was Emmanuel Sanders. Now, Emmanuel Sanders started slow in his career. Like I don't think Concepcion is going to have that slow level start because again, keep in mind, there is a difference in draft capital. Concepcion probably going to be a top 25 pick. Emmanuel Sanders was a late day two pick at 82nd overall. But at the same time, once Emmanuel Sanders was able to hit his heyday, you were seeing 1,400 yards and nine touchdowns. You were seeing 1,100 yards and six touchdowns. 1,032 and five touchdowns. Also keep in mind, this was back when the NFL was in 16 games. So if you prorated it to 17 games, you're looking at a legitimate, you know, 1,500, 1,550 level ceiling. I do think in the right spot with Concepcion, let's just say for

example, a team like uh, the 49ers. Uh, Mike Evans, you know, on a two-year deal, they could probably get out after a year. Pearsall hasn't really, you know, panned out because he's, you know, consistently been hurt. If you need a long-term number one wide receiver, I think he'd be perfect for that scheme. You need number two with the LA Rams. Say for example, there was legitimate smoke. Uh, Davante Adams, is he going to be on that team long-term? Is he going to play one more year? Is he even going to be dealt? There were some rumors that if they got the wide receiver they liked, they could potentially even deal him this offseason. I don't view that as likely, but at the same time, if he got drafted from the Rams, it was a one-year learning curve behind those top two guys, and then next year he was the wide receiver two to Puka Nacua, you're talking about having, you know, I would say at that point, Matthew Stafford, we'll see if he's still on the team. Even if Matthew Stafford does

retire, the fact that you have Sean McVay in the fact that you have the level of success the Rams organization has found, I would trust them to figure out their next quarterback even if Stafford was gone. Yeah, no, for sure. And Concepcion, you also, um, you can see some of the other landing spots just based on where he's expected to go. What if he was the Cleveland Browns number one wide receiver with the 24th pick? What if he goes to the Pittsburgh Steelers? Short-term, they have Pittman and DK, but long-term, maybe he can learn from those guys. Tennessee Titans at the top of the second round. Maybe the Buffalo Bills feel like they need to still add to the receiving core along with DJ Moore. He has a lot of really solid landing spots. And also, too, I the thing I like about Casey is that he does fit as both a slot and a Z on whatever team decides to draft him. I think ideally he's used in both facets, but I think he can do both as well. Like if some team wanted to play him primarily

on the outside, well, he played more than 50% of the snaps on the outside this season, whereas at NC State, when he was there earlier in his career, he was primarily a slot receiver. He's got the example of being, you know, that fast yards after catch guy, you know, like the guy that could be used around the line of scrimmage, but he also has the sample on his profile where he can work down the field, where he can win as a deep threat. And having that overall combination, I do think he's a true three-level threat, and I do think his route running can suffice running those dig routes, running those corner routes, running those double moves. I honestly just want to see him be be put in the hands of creative offensive mind. I also had Buffalo listed there. That was before the DJ Moore move, but at the same time, if you wanted to still get Casey Concepcion, have that be your one, two, DJ Moore's contract is expendable after the year. I think Casey Concepcion would, you know, how productive would he be with Josh

Allen? Very, very productive. Um, by the way, in this class, according to Matt Harmon's reception perception, only one receiver beat man coverage, zone coverage, double coverage, and press coverage at a top three rate among every receiver in this class, and it was Casey Concepcion. And if going back to my Chris Olave comparison, if you guys remember in 2022, everybody was talking about Treylon Burks, the physical specimen, that's kind of the Jordan Addison a little bit of this class. And Matt Harmon was like, Chris Olave is a top three receiver, no questions asked in this class. And the dynasty community wasn't in agreement because Olave had some blemishes on his profile, and and Olave obviously ended up being a better receiver. And if we redrafted that class today, absolutely would be right there with Drake London and Garrett Wilson as the top receivers. Yeah, like if you told me two years from now that Concepcion ended up being like the second or third best receiver in this class, I'd be like, "Oh, okay, it

makes sense. Like Tyson probably didn't really fully pan out, and maybe one of the top two wide receivers, you know, Concepcion just reaches his 100% ceiling." You know what I mean? Yeah, I also just think he has a pretty high high floor as well, just cuz I don't know how productive he was every year of his college career. He was a good player. I can't tell you what happened his sophomore year at NC State. For some reason, Justin Jolly targeted had more yards than him on 31 less targets, which maybe it's just a pro-Justin Jolly take later on. Um, but generally speaking, he should have been much better than he was, and he bounced back in a big way at Texas A&M. So, so let's go, Danny, to the other guy that you have in this tier. >> To put it simply, I graded him one point higher than you. Um, that was the difference. Like I'm sure we have very similar thoughts, very very dynamic yards after catch threat, little more meat left on the bone, I would say, to

develop as a route runner than maybe what was showcased this past year. But at the same time, it's a very similar mindset to what we had with Luther Burden, where it was like, "Oh, we're taking maybe more of a project right now, but if you put him in the right spot, you can fully develop that route tree." We're talking about a guy that I think is capable of doing it. He just wasn't really tasked with doing it much at Indiana. So, um, on my comp was Pierre Garcon, 2013 Garcon, over over 1,300 yards in that season. That would obviously be, um, one of the higher percentile outcomes for Omar Cooper. For you, it was exactly Luther Burden. I do think I had a slightly higher grade on Burden, but they are in the same bucket. I had Burden, I think, 86.5 or 87.0. And like I said, with Cooper, ended up at an 85.0. Yeah, Burden was exactly the same grade for me last year. Obviously in different ways, Burden was a lot better of an analytical prospect, whereas I thought Cooper's film was a little bit

better. But yeah, I mean, you get this guy who's a YAC weapon, who has snappy routes and flashes of great route running, really strong hands, great downfield ability, great speed and athleticism. He ran a 4.42 at the NFL Combine. But he is a raw player, he needs to develop his route tree, and so on. And the age and production profile is somewhat of a concern. It's only a 69th percentile analytics grade. He never had a thousand yards in his college career. And my wide receiver six, Elijah Sarratt, outproduced him both the last two years. So, that's the other part with Omar Cooper that people sometimes we want to not get too in the weeds here and overthink that Cooper is this like exceptional prospect cuz yeah, he probably should have produced a little bit more, especially knowing that Kurtis Rourke was an NFL drafted quarterback two years ago, and Fernando Mendoza is the first pick in this year's draft. Yeah, this is a tape guy cuz full transparency, if the profile is better,

you could even make the case for him being maybe even wide receiver three. Uh, the NFL's kind of leaning this way, too. When we first did our Omar Cooper grades, I remember we were like, "How is this guy being mocked in the third round? How is this guy being mocked 72 overall?" And it feels like in the next three weeks after we recorded that session for the Draft Guide, his draft capital went from 72 to 27. Yeah, no, it it literally we we were thinking he was going to be a third-round pick when we recorded his film review. So if you're watching his film review going, "Why are they talking about him being a third-round pick?" At the time, he was projected as a third round pick. So, and I tweeted out I remember that day I tweeted out um hot take like he's closer to Brandon Aiyuk as a prospect who sneakily went in the first round than he was to, you know, the third round capital that people were giving him. And now that's exactly like I've seen him

mocked as high as like 13th overall now at this point. So, he is uh absolutely a film guy through and through, but the film is very good. Um pivoting back here to the B tier. Now these guys are more so players that we view as second round caliber wide receivers in some classes, 2026 is being a good example of this. Maybe they go in the first round because the class is not very good both from an NFL draft standpoint and also from a fantasy draft standpoint, a rookie draft standpoint. This is where I have Cooper because I do think that there's some blemishes on his profile that make me a little bit more nervous. And I do have him back to back with his teammate, Elijah Sorrell, because Elijah Sorrell was more productive than him at the collegiate level. Um Elijah Sorrell we can talk about right now here. When you look at his profile from start to finish, he played at as a zero-star recruit. He goes to Saint Thomas, then he goes to James Madison, then he finally gets to Indiana the last 2

years. Everywhere this guy went, he was dominant on the field. He was the best receiver on his team everywhere he went. That is why he has an 81st percentile analytics grade, a 96th percentile traits grade, not necessarily because he's an exceptional athlete, but because his on-field traits, yards after catch per reception, contested catch rate, drop rate, all of his on-field traits really, really translated. And we also, what was the biggest problem with Elijah Sorrell's film, Danny? Suddenness, overall speed, downfield separation, that kind of stuff. Well, at his comp at his pro day, he reportedly ran anywhere between the 445s to the 455s, which to me is totally fine for his game and play style. I thought he could have run in the 46s. Full transparency, his game speed looked more like a 46 guy, but if he ran like I don't believe 453 is what he ran. Yeah, like I don't believe 445 for 1 second, but 453 would literally be like a 90th a 90th plus percentile outcome for what I expected.

Yeah, and again, like in the prospect model, this guy among the receivers in this class is right there with Casey Concepcion. Like he's right there with him. And this is despite Elijah Sorrell not being projected to go in the first round like Casey Concepcion is going in mocks right now. He's projected to go at pick 75 in mocks right now. And yet, if you just take other receivers that went kind of in the third round territory, you're looking at, let me see, do we have any receivers that went in the third round in this area? Like like literally nobody that he's ranked around went in the third round. Everybody was a second or first round pick. Yeah, again, I like Sorrell. I just think the differences in the movement ability on the field is why I prefer Omar Cooper. I ended up with an 85 on Cooper like I mentioned. Sorrell ended up with an 81. Uh but at the same time, like I just see a guy that's going to stick on an NFL field. The worry is it's probably more of a number three

role, but I do think in the right scenario you could see a number two wide receiver. So, um I'm looking at a Tyler Boyd as my comp. Tyler Boyd kind of had, you know, similarities coming out of college where he played a lot of outside at Pittsburgh, played more of a slot role in the NFL. And Tyler Boyd, if you guys don't remember how good he was before, you know, the Tee Higgins, Ja'Marr Chase deal we've grown accustomed to, this guy had a 2-year stretch where he had, what would that be, 256 targets in 30 games? 256 targets, uh 2,200 receiving yards, and 12 receiving touchdowns. If you got that from Sorrell, cuz again, the best year for Boyd was 90 catches, 1,046, and five touchdowns, I can see him being that type of player in the right scenario. Yeah, no, and like you kind of gave the Tyler Boyd like median to high-end range. I I think he can be Keenan Allen or Amon-Ra St. Brown legitimately. Like I know that's really, really, really high praise for a player like this who's

projected to go in the third round, but he was dominant in the red zone. It wasn't even close who the best receiver in this class was in the red zone. Veteran mentality, very strong hands. Like I said, all four years of his college career he best receiver on his team, always available, toughness, grit. The only problem that you have, which we know from the fantasy community is the most overrated thing for wide receivers, is that he doesn't have high-end speed or a ton of suddenness athletically. But, if he gets in the right scheme, if he's played in the right role, I think a big slot role with the Patriots or something would be an awesome situation for him. And he can just play bully ball and do what he does best, which is separate against zone coverage, which by the way, only one other receiver in this class separated better than according to Reception Perception. I want to see him in that type of role cuz I think he can be dominant. So, we've outlined like the good to great comps for him.

There is concern though. Again, I'm not saying he's this guy one to one, but when you threw up the para Patriots, it's hard not to think about Jaylen Polk. Jaylen Polk we kind of talked about in similar capacity. Feisty, great at the catch point, good route runner, but overall as a separator maybe he's like something to be desired there. That would be like how it doesn't work out. Like it's like, oh Jaylen Polk, which by the way, like I don't think he will be Jaylen Polk cuz No, and Polk was not nearly as productive as Sorrell. And he he also had some of the attitude issues. Like there were I remember like in his first year with the Patriots there was like something that went and he tweeted something out. Like I remember there was some like backlash there. Um by all accounts it seems like Sorrell's a hard worker, obviously national champion as well now. Kind of speaks to the pedigree there. Um but at the same time, like the Jaylen Polk comp will live in people's heads

because Yeah. it was a similar scenario with Panics in Washington. They made an oddity and that was a draft spot draft stock bump. And I remember uh who was the wide receiver? Oh, no, the Patriots traded down from Ladd McConkey, got a pick later in the draft, and then took Jaylen Polk cuz I remember the backlash for that as well. Yeah, which is not ideal. But like I said, there's maybe a wider range of outcomes than some people might think. I personally think he's a very safe player. Like I think at worst he's Michael Wilson, to be honest with you. Like I think that at worst I'd say that's like a 25th, 30th. Yeah, and that that's just cuz I think he's he's got so much evidence mounting that he's been a great player everywhere he's gone. So, that's kind of kind of part of why I don't see the Jaylen Polk, but I understand from a play style standpoint he does have a little bit of Complete floor. I'm not saying he's going to come close to that, but

>> Yeah. So, let's move on to his one of his teammates actually, Jaylen Polk's former teammates. Denzel Boston, wide receiver from the University of Washington. A guy that um again, NFL draft community seems to be a smidge higher on Boston than than you and I are. Um we watched him, we saw the great hands. He's got prototypical size. He's smart, he's tough. I think he can win at all three levels of the field. I thought versus press coverage he was very physical and was able to win that. The problem that I had with Denzel Boston when watching him was I didn't see a ton of sudden, dynamic athleticism just like we said with only Boston didn't do any testing. Like he was projected to run a 452 unofficially by NFL Draft Buzz. He didn't end up running anything. So, we have no idea how fast this guy is. The yards after catch production wasn't really there. I think from a route refinement and a fact that he doesn't have a ton of like dynamic side-to-side ability, I just

wonder what the elite ceiling could be from a fantasy perspective. I think on a high end, you have like a Michael Pittman Jr. On a median end, I have like a Jayden Higgins here. Yeah, tough, physical, big wide receiver. Um an NFL team that takes him in the first probably views him as a long-term number two on their team. Like I feel like with Denzel Boston, his range of outcomes is pretty, you know, compact. I don't think, you know, okay, the the absolute ceiling of this archetype is a Drake London. I don't think he's as sudden as Drake London. I don't think he moves like that. So, like I don't view that as a realistic ceiling. In terms of like an upgraded Michael Pittman on that realm, maybe he goes down like the Courtland Sutton route or just a boring Like Marques Colston or something in his prime. Marques Colston, big slot. Like that's probably the range of guys I would compare to a Denzel Boston. The way it doesn't work out is again, I think he runs better routes than this guy, but

like Coleman is the archetype of like the big wide receiver who isn't the greatest separator, but he's tough and he's physical and he's competitive at the catch point. I just think Denzel Boston is just so much further along as a technician that I don't think that's there, but um you know, I had to throw that comp around because I made the Jaylen Polk for Sorrell. It's only fair given the grades I have on these guys. They're very close. I do think that you can make those, you know, basement comps for both of them. But in terms of utility, Sorrell we kind of said Tyler Boyd, Keenan Allen maybe as a ceiling. Denzel Boston maybe a worse version of Drake London with a Michael Pittman as a realistic ceiling. It's weird to say this, but I actually think Keon Coleman went to a horrible landing spot for his skill set also. Cuz he went to the Bills, so everyone's like, how how is it landing spot bad? He wasn't used properly. He hasn't been used properly

in Buffalo. He was meant to be more of like a big slot like what I think of Elijah Sorrell, whereas Boston I think would really benefit from being an X receiver alongside a dominant Z or slot receiver. Like for example, if the Seattle Seahawks took Denzel Boston to go along with JSN, that would be a great landing spot. But when I get worried about Boston is if Cleveland takes him to be their number one receiver. Yeah, which is very fair. Like If we're going through the potential matches, too, um Pittsburgh could I mean Pittsburgh wouldn't be bad cuz you have Metcalf already and and whatnot. Um maybe you think about like the Ravens taking him potentially if they trade back or something. Chiefs with their second first, let's say they go corner at nine at 29. >> fit, I think, cuz Rice can be your, you know, your volume guy, obviously. Yeah, I think that would make a ton of sense. If I'm looking down to like the Eagles if they trade A.J. Brown, they would then need a big body number two.

Um But overall, again, he's going to take one path of development or the other. If he becomes more of that big slot, yards after catch guy that's competitive at the catch point, you got like the Michael Pittman road of development. If he just says, "Fuck it, I'm 6'4, 210, I'm going to keep adding muscle, I'm going to work vertically," that's like also the Courtland Sutton side, which I think that kind of contributes to why people feel so cozy with Denzel Boston is they know, okay, I can develop them either of these ways given the context of my offense. If I have a number one X wide receiver, I take the Pittman route. If I have more of like the shifty number one slot Z type, then I go the Courtland Sutton route. The fact that he has utility either way, I think makes those teams in the 20 through 25, 20 through 30 range a lot more willing to take Denzo Boston high. He's more of a 35 through 50 talent in my opinion, but again, I do think he's going to go

higher in the NFL draft because of that versatility. Yeah, no absolutely. The next guy that we have or I have in this tier I should say is Jacoby Lane, which to me is one of the more underrated prospects in the entire draft at the wide receiver position. You obviously don't have him in this tier, you have him in the next tier down, but very similar to how you feel about Cooper, I kind of feel about Lane here. Jacoby Lane to me has the size, the length, the physicality. He's obviously a great red zone threat as a true sophomore, he scored 12 touchdowns which was fourth in the NCAA despite sharing the same field with Makai Lemon. Zachariah Branch was on USC at the time. Deuce Robinson who just had a thousand yards for Florida State was on the same field, he was a four-star recruit, and their running back was Woody Marks who was second on the team in targets that season. And his high end, like I know this sounds outrageous to say, but his high end to me does remind me a little bit of T Higgins because I do see a

long, physical, big receiver who can separate on a vertical plane, who has upside to develop into a better route runner. Now, there's a couple of drops, he was never the number one top flight speed was a bit of a concern when you watched him on tape, but then he went out there and he ran a 447 at 6'4, 200 lbs which sullied a little bit of the speed concern for me. And you know, he's not the biggest yards after catch guy, but most 6'4, 200 lb receivers aren't. Like Carnell Tate isn't even that tall and he's kind of the same way. Yeah, it wasn't more so like top end speed for me. Like I would say in terms of the grade I gave like I would have given him an eight out of 10 in terms of film speed, nine out of 10 in terms of the testing speed. So I even that out to an 8.5. It's more so just the overall lateral movement ability I would say he's going to need some refinement with. Um in terms of Jacoby Lane though, I kind of went more of the median comp here. I think he's a better

comparable prospect than this guy, but in terms of draft range I have him as a 50 to 75 talent. My comp here would probably be like a 30th percentile outcome with Jaylen Tolbert who was the 88th overall pick in his respective draft. That would be if he doesn't refine his route running, if he doesn't fully take that next step. Again, a young player, he's got a lot of meat left on the bone to be able to develop. Um but at the same time like you said, the higher end of that would be like obviously George Pickens was a second round pick. T Higgins was a second round pick. These long X wide receivers who could put on maybe 10 lbs of muscle at the next level, there is upside for this archetype. Yeah, and my my median and high end are like the two Allens from the Jaguars days. Allen Hurns the median, Allen Robinson the ceiling. That's kind of the way that I see him. And Robinson is a little bigger, a little bit more physical, so he's obviously going to need to add a bit of

size. But the nice thing about Jacoby Lane is that he's an early declare. He went to a big school with a lot of other targeted talented target competition, and I still think there's so much upside for him, and he's aced the pre-draft process so far. Everybody raved about his gauntlet drill, he ran a 447. I've heard that he's interviewed pretty well. I think that if he goes in round two or round three of the NFL draft, he's going to be one of those receivers that we look back on a couple years from now being like, man, how did Jacoby Lane go in this at the 79th pick? Or something like that. I just I would love to see him in a situation where right away he can be the number two receiver on a team because I think he can do it. Yeah, and I said this for Boston and I don't think it's a realistic floor comp because of the overall technician that Boston is compared to that guy along with just being naturally heavier. But like if anybody's going to be like the Keon

Coleman of this class, like a lot of people are going to throw it on Jacoby Lane because >> Yes, absolutely. And I understand and recognize that his floor is kind of low because he like the problem with his tape is that at press like press coverage points he can get jarred off the line of scrimmage for a big receiver. And also too, at the like route stem, he sometimes isn't as snappy as you need him to be, especially against >> at times. Yeah, like he also kind of like has some poor technique and some young stuff. I know Steve Smith broke him down on 89's YouTube channel. He's like, why is he hopping around like this? Like he does some stuff that you go, that's just a young receiver being a young receiver. Yeah, and I guess the other concern that you could point out to like we talked about it before we started recording about the Notre Dame game for example. You said, you know, he had a very good game against Notre Dame, very very tough competition. Then I pointed out, I'm like, well Leonard

Moore was traveling in the slot, Leonard Moore was playing a lot of snaps with Makai Lemon. When you have a guy like Makai Lemon in college, like he's probably going to be better than what? At least half of the wide receiver ones in the NFL? Yeah, no for sure. And but like the other thing about that though is that's what I think Lane will do in the NFL. You get him to a team that already has a number one receiver. Let's say he goes to the Eagles in the second round, they trade AJ Brown and he's going alongside Devonta Smith. When you're one-on-ones, you're the number two. The number one is going to see the top corner. Yeah, for sure. I just I guess I would argue that Notre Dame's number two corner is not comparable to, you know, insert NFL team, right? So Again, I'm I'm putting my stamp on this this guy as a my guy. I think that his ceiling is worth the swing, especially in a draft class where once you get to like, let's say the 201 to 205 in rookie drafts,

Jacoby Lane's on the board. I think that, you know, T Higgins went in the similar area of the draft that he was taken in 2020. I think the upside is worth the swing at this point. Why would I take Zachariah Branch or something who we'll talk about in a second when he's a short to intermediate target, doesn't nearly have the fantasy ceiling in my opinion that Jacoby Lane does. Yeah, and spoiler, we just talked about Jacoby Lane, you know, vertical X wide receiver, a bit of a little bit of a lankier type of prospect, but you see the vision for his development. I don't have Jacoby Lane as my wide receiver eight because I have Ted Hurst as my wide receiver eight. Ted Hurst, I'm not joking you, the first film that I watched him, like the first two, three games that I watched him. Corey, you remember when I texted you and you said, this guy's literally just small school George Pickens. Yeah, that's what you texted me. And I think it's I think it's reasonable

because obviously it's Georgia State. You can't really take into account you know, what he looks like against higher level competition. However, he did go to the Senior Bowl and put on a show there. I think he has a very high ceiling. He's a great downfield receiver. He is clearly an NFL athlete running a 442 at damn near 6'4, 206 lbs or whatever. Um yeah, the ceiling is very high with this player. Both of us went with Colorado State receivers Tory Horton and Michael Gallup as the comps there and the the model are all three of them are Colorado State receivers. Rashard Higgins, Tory Horton, and Michael Gallup, but I yeah, I think he's an exceptionally gifted small school prospect who the NFL seems to be quite high on. The weaknesses are that he's going to need time to develop, adjust to the competition level, focus drops, add some strength. Release package obviously not going to be the same level of, you know, if you played at Georgia or LSU or something like that.

Yeah, and in full transparency, like for example, in terms of what the film looked like with the route running, it was probably about a 13. I did scale it back a little bit because I'm like, okay, listen, like I do have to contextualize, it is FCS competition. If it looks like a 13, it's probably more of 11 when you factor that in that he's not playing. I mean, I I held it against Jacoby Lane that he was going up against Notre Dame's number two corner. Nobody was the caliber of Notre Dame's number two corner in the FCS. I'm sorry, but you watch the film, man. The snap out of his breaks, the ability to impact at all three levels, the yards after catchability, testing like a freak at the combine, the natural frame that he brings to the field, like this is project freaking George Pickens, and my comp was Michael Gallup. I think that's probably a 75th percentile outcome. You want to hear the 99th that I really like? Let's hear it. >> This guy was a small school receiver who

went in the third round, which is where I think Ted Hurst is going to go. Kenny Golladay. Ooh, I I I think he's a better separator than Golladay was coming out though. Maybe, yeah, but Golladay obviously forgetting the New York Giants version of Kenny Golladay. As a Detroit Lion, he was a guy who was a small school guy, came in, developed, showed flashes year one, showed flashes year two, and then I think year three was the big season that he ended up having with Matthew Stafford. Yeah, and for full transparency too, when I throw the Gallup comp, like that is as big of a compliment as I can give. If you guys are unfamiliar with my thoughts on Michael Gallup, a guy that in his second year in 15 games produced 1,300 receiving yards. If Michael Gallup never tears his ACL, we have a completely different discussion on him. So I do think if Ted Hurst lands in a spot, he could be a vertical number two wide receiver. I'm looking at a team like, for example, if we go to in terms of the

fits, this is the guy the Buffalo Bills should be drafting. You just traded for DJ Moore to be your, you know, yards after catch gadget wide receiver. You have a number three like Khalil Shakir. You need the guy that could take the top off a defense, and Ted Hurst can do that. Yeah, I kind of went the opposite route, which is like I kind of like a team that's not really ready to compete right away to develop him into something, like a Miami Dolphins, a Las Vegas Raiders, even like a New York Jets type of landing spot, um where he could year one maybe not be a starting receiver right away and then kind of work his way in. You kind of went more so like guys that need a number two X wide receiver right away. Um but I think, you know, depending on what he looks like in camp and all that kind of stuff, he could he could do either one for sure. Yeah, very fun prospect. Again, my number eight. Who is your number nine because obviously we talked about your number eight. We have this a so I have I have Ted Hurst number nine,

so he's in the same range basically for me. Um Chris Bell is my number 10 and then your number nine, I believe, so we can talk about him next. Um Chris Bell, wide receiver from Louisville. Obviously uh tore his ACL in November of this year, so that's going to hurt his draft uh projection. He probably would have gone close to the first round if not in the first round had he been healthy. Now, you guys might look at the pro comparison and go, oh, you must hate Chris Bell. Xavier a prospect that both of us actually liked. Um he has a rock like Chris Bell has this rocked up frame, 6'2, like 220 lbs. His press coverage releases, this guy chooses violence every play, whether it's at the catch point, in the run game, after the catch, whatever the case is. He's got very solid hands. Had he been healthy enough to test, I think he would have ran in the mid 44s and probably jumped pretty high as well. The weaknesses that we have and the problem that we're a little lower on Chris Bell four is cuz

>> Yeah, moving laterally, in and out of his breaks, the nuance, the sharpness, is that going to be even more, you know, worsened by the fact that he's coming off of a torn ACL. That's the thing that we're worried about. Yeah, legitimately right now, the routes are just not at a a level I feel comfortable isolating him on the outside. I do think a big slot's going to be that natural transition, but he can't get much bigger for a big slot, man. 6 ft 220 lbs. We saw for example that play against Miami, he's running the drag route, makes one defender miss, and it's 45 yards in a cloud of dust, man. That guy chews up grass. Like you said, we'll see how the ACL kind of recovers cuz when you're drafting Chris Bell, you almost need him to be that freak athlete because there is concerns Yeah. in the overall technician side of his game, but yeah, he is what he is. He's a big freak athlete. Those end up being Xavier Legette in most cases. In the very worst cases, you can get a

Jonathan Mingo, but every now and then maybe you do get an A.J. Brown or D.K. >> Or D.K. Metcalf or Chris Godwin or Deebo Samuel. Like they're all within the range of outcomes for him. Bell is truly one of the biggest boomer bust wide receivers in this class in my opinion. I think, you know, the ceiling true like if he works on his technical game and he's able to like, you know, develop that part, I I think that yeah, Chris Godwin, D.K. Metcalf, Deebo Samuel, like he can be as productive as those guys were. I'm not necessarily saying he's exactly the same player, but like just a big power forward type of wide receiver is is within the range of outcomes for sure. >> Yeah, running back in the open field, like he's almost got the Deebo build. Again, I don't think he moves quite as well laterally as some of those guys we mentioned, but um at the same time, who knows, man. This is a big physically gifted wide receiver and a guy that I can't have outside of my top 10 given the upside.

Yeah, no, for sure. So, Bell, definitely a guy that both of us are intrigued by. Like let's say you're on the board at 203 in your rookie draft and you're on a, you know, rebuilding team that needs a lot of upside in your wide receiver core. By all means, Chris Bell, I would bet good money he's probably going to go at least at the beginning of the second round if not maybe even sneaks into the first round. The Saints, obviously, they have his old quarterback Tyler Shuck. That would make a lot of sense. The Titans could use a receiver like this. There's a number of teams I would say in that early second round that will probably pull the trigger on Chris Bell. Um is it Branch for both of us? So, I guess you have Bernard ahead, but Yeah, we can talk about them in both cuz they're almost the polar opposites of each other. Yeah, so let's talk about um let's go with Branch first here. Branch, Zachariah Branch, wide receiver formerly of USC, now of Georgia. Um he's this

like jitterbug ability, yards after catch guy, five-star athlete, impossible to tackle, uh impossible to tag at recess as a child, I'm sure. Tough, physical for a small guy. Short medium route running. I saw some underrated stuff for a guy that yes, is going to need to develop as a route runner, but there was some Zay Flowers to his game at times. The problems that I had with Zachariah Branch and why I view him, you know, you have Rondale Moore being kind of the lower end comp. You could also talk about like a Marvin Mims or an Andy Isabella as like a lower end comp. Curtis Samuel to me felt like a good middle ground between those lower end guys and Zay Flowers being a higher end guy. Uh but generally speaking, you're looking at Zachariah Branch being the type of player that is going to be scheme touches maybe early on in his career, is going to be the type of player that probably probably doesn't develop as a third level threat until later on in his career if it happens at

all. Yeah, I can see that and overall, that's kind of why I do prefer the, I guess, well-rounded but higher like lower ceiling, higher floor option with Jeremy Bernard. Three-level threat, yards after catch, competitive at the catch point, good route runner. He just doesn't really have any standout trait, I would say. Like he's kind of just capable or good at all those things as opposed to great at any single one. And that ultimately reminds me of a guy that actually just made 17 plus million dollars a year with Romeo Doubs. Yeah, I think when you look at like if he does have one trait that's probably above average, it is probably his ability after the catch and against zone coverage. I would say he's a pretty good zone coverage route runner. Um he's he's just been checking boxes, honestly, this this draft process. He ran well, 448 speed, tested pretty well across the board. The one um concern you see there, 30th percentile burst score, which is like you could kind of see why that

would be the case on his tape, why he doesn't have like the burstiest kind of jumps out of his breaks or whatever. But a 9.03 RAS score is good for a player like this. Like Romeo Doubs sure as isn't that athletic, so um I think ultimately a player like Jeremy Bernard ends up playing a long time in the NFL. And what I can't be a hypocrite and be as high as I am on Elijah Sarratt and then also not like Jeremy Bernard as well. Cuz they're both kind of similar players where maybe they're both big slots, maybe they play on the outside, but I do think that both of them are very tight range of outcomes, high floor type of wide receivers. And not to mention, I don't think Jeremy Bernard doesn't have a ceiling. I think that Rashee Rice is within the range of outcomes of Jeremy Bernard, who's been a very productive receiver in his career. Yeah, very good point. Just the feel for zone coverage. Never going to be like the purest man beater, although I would argue that

where Jeremy Bernard is at in terms of his man beating is better a lot better than what Rashee Rice was coming out. So, yeah, like him and Branch kind of get there in different ways cuz I think Branch is a lot more volatile, but ultimately the tight range of outcomes is going to be appealing Yeah, and uh this C tier, all the players that we have in here are guys that we would take as an NFL organization in the third round of an NFL draft. And also from like a rookie draft perspective, they're probably round two picks in terms of um where we would take them in a rookie draft. Um let's talk about Antonio Williams. >> real quick, those were yours and then um mine would be just Yeah, I've been kind of pulsing them across the scre- screen this entire time. Um Antonio Williams would be my next rated wide receiver. I actually do have him ahead of Jeremy Bernard. Part of why I like Antonio Williams is he kind of feels like discount Casey Concepcion for me in this class, where the ceiling, the median you

see there is like Dede Westbrook in the prospect model, Tank Dell on the high end of things. And then uh I think Khalil Shakir is within the range of outcomes for a guy like this as well. I don't think he's just a slot receiver, just like I don't think Casey Concepcion is just a slot receiver. I think he can be shifty in space, has good physicality, really tested well, 441 40 time is excellent. Speed score uh and burst score very high as well. Like this is a guy who can be an outside receiver. Actually, in his best college season as a four-year starter who was a very high recruit, who's been productive his entire career. His best season was his junior year at Clemson. And in that season, he was on the outside half the time. So, I don't think this is a player that has to be a slot receiver. Um but I do think he will thrive as a Z or a slot. Yeah, I think it's his best projection. Like I talked about this for example when I recorded the Brennan Thompson review for um the draft guide.

But a lot of these players that play majority on the outside in the college level, like it depends what the NFL thinks of them realistically. Like I think at 6 ft 187, he's going to play more outside than maybe some of those like pure vertical slot projections. But at the same time, I do think his best utility is as a as as an NFL slot. My comp for him was Khalil Shakir. Yeah, and the other thing that is interesting about Antonio Williams is athletically, 6 ft 187, 441 40, etc. Um athletically, he's almost identical to Laquon Treadwell and Garrett Wilson and Chris Olave. So, it's not like he has to be a slot receiver athletically, but again, I think the NFL does view him that way. Yeah, like I'm trying to pull up uh I'm curious what Khalil Shakir's uh route rate was in college, like in terms of his split on the outside. He was a slot receiver. He was really productive at Boise State. I remember that. >> Yeah, I'm just I'm just curious. So, okay. So, he had a 61% out wide rate in

his 2020 year, 22% in his 2021 year. If you go to Antonio Williams, I bet if you looked at his his 2021 >> exactly the same. Yeah, I think it was 53% on the outside in his 2024 season, something like that. Yeah, and Khalil Shakir, what ended up being a fifth-round pick. Obviously, Antonio Williams, I do expect to be a top 100 pick, but I can see him having a relatively similar development, where maybe year one, he's still getting over last year, he dealt with the injuries, he needs that development year. And by year two, who knows, maybe he could be a low-end number two wide receiver, high-end number three operating as that Z slot. Yeah, no, for sure. Um both of us have Eric McAlister in this tier, so let's talk about him and then we'll go to the guys that you have in this tier and I don't. Um Eric McAlister, wide receiver from TCU. Polarizing. There's a lot Yeah, a lot of polarizing stuff here. On one hand, the downfield production's great, production profile's

great. He was very productive at Boise State before transferring to TCU. He has great size, also pretty solid athleticism on tape. We have no idea how athletic he actually is because unfortunately, he suffered what, a foot fracture or something at his pro day. Um where that he was already going to have draft capital risks because he is currently on probation. Um so, that's something that is definitely an issue for him and we factor that in. You can see, I gave him a zero out of seven and a half for smarts and IQ. You gave him a one out of seven and a half. The tape is good though. That's the thing I keep going back to. Like he's a solid route runner for what he is. He's a good yards after catch threat in space. I know he's a TCU wide receiver and this is low-hanging fruit, but as a YAC player and a downfield player, he does have a little bit of current day Quentin Johnston to his game. The player that has developed into something. Not early career Quentin Johnston, current day

Quentin Johnston. Yeah, uh I think that's a good comp for him. I actually think he's a better route runner than QJ was coming out of college, too, which is nice. Um but he could be anywhere. I I honestly think if we didn't, you know, discredit him like we did in terms of the smarts IQ because of the off-field stuff, like you add that to his grade, hey, guess what? You're probably looking at a guy that may not be in the Boston Sarratt area for you or uh for my rankings, apology, but he wouldn't be far off or he might even be in that tier. Yeah, I mean, I think I would have a real conversation between him and Jacoby Lane right at that like wide receiver eight range territory. Yeah, and again for me like that would probably be if I had him at 75.5, I had him at a one out of 7.5 for smarts. Let's just say that factor wasn't in there, he would probably be like probably a 4.5 or a five because they're >> Yeah, cuz I mean on tape you can see all the smarts and IQ stuff. That's not

there. You do the math there, you end up at like what a 78.5 79? Like yeah, he would be right on their heels. Yeah, no, exactly. So Eric McAlister obviously legitimate chance he goes undrafted based both on the injury and the off-the-field issues. Like he could legit go undrafted. It wouldn't shock me one bit. But that being said, wherever he goes in rookie drafts, we're going to be in. Whether it's he's a third round rookie pick, a fourth round rookie pick, a taxi squad stash, I don't care. He's going to be on a lot of my teams. Yeah, for sure. Um and then you have two guys two more guys in this tier, Chris Purcell from Tennessee and Bryce Lance from North Dakota State. Let's start with the the big school SEC receiver in Chris Purcell who has a lot of kind of almost like uh like how Jordan Addison does has a lot of like urgent flashy breaks as a route runner. Has a long lean frame as well, 6-4 some change, really good athlete, ran a 437, good downfield ability. I think at

the very least you can expect this player to be a good sacrificial X Marquez Valdes-Scantling at the absolute worst. He can stretch the field. >> I I I even still I think he's just so much better of an actual receiver than a Marquez Valdes-Scantling is. Like my comp for him, full transparency, Tyquan Thornton kind of blends both the pros and the cons of what Purcell is. Cuz Tyquan Thornton had 1,050 yards or 1,100 yards in his best NFL season. But he's never had above a 50% contest rate despite being a 6-4 200-lb wide receiver. And I believe he had nine drops in the season that he had 1,100 yards. So it's like if Purcell gets there again, he's got catch point fundamentals he needs to clean up, but you can't teach the ability to separate vertically like he does. And I also think he's a you know, in terms of his um ability against press coverage, you would think a 200-lb wiry frame wouldn't be able to be pressed. Well, guess what? He's got a good release

package and he can get side by side on you with his first step. Yeah, the other thing that people are factoring in I'm sure is the scheme that he played in with Josh Heupel there like it matters. Tennessee wide receivers have failed at a pretty high level. His yards after catch ability is pretty limited. You mentioned the catch point fundamentals. His route tree because he played at Tennessee is also not super diverse as well. Um the biggest difference between why you have him in this tier and why I don't is I've heard quite a bit of buzz that he might be a knucklehead off the field. Apparently, he had some kind of like um court date that he didn't go to and stuff. And when I'm tiebreaking and tier breaking already for guys that I do believe are like in this tier that you have here, 20% of them hit and be become fantasy relevant. Like I don't think we're getting a lot of great fantasy wide receivers here. So I'm going to just tier break and tiebreak away from Chris

Purcell and even Eric McAlister to some degree as well where I just don't think that they're they're great off-the-field guys. Well, that's why they're back-to-back for me cuz I do think they probably have better film than the wide receiver 13 to 14 in the class. Like they would probably at the very least in the running with Hurst, Bell if not near Surratt and Boston, but obviously those factors factor in. Um Lance and Williams have their own concerns. Williams more so just the 2025 film. I had legitimately like a mid-day three grade on. 2024 2024 we'll probably have him closer to Lane, Bernard, Bell, but 2025 he's just clearly a shell of himself. And obviously the injury will factor in there, but >> Like every Clemson Tiger by the way. >> Yeah. I also just think like it was pretty clear he was the third best receiver of the three between him, Wesco, and T.J. Moore this past season. Wasn't that case in 2024, but had to factor in somehow. And Bryce Lance

I physically he is exactly what you want. He is the next Christian Watson. But when you look at the cons, the route running not refined at all. Like it's straight up he is relying upon athleticism, doesn't really look good within his breaks. Like you can see a little bit of clunkiness in and out, which for a guy that runs a 434 you want to see that be attacked at a more smooth manner. On top of that the level of competition you can't ignore. He's 25 years old. He needs to be beating up on those future plumbers. Otherwise, what are we talking about here? So I gave him an eight out of 15 with his analytics. Again, 2,200 yards I believe it was, 25 touchdowns, great on face value, but North Dakota State just didn't have any competition on the outside against them. At least with Ted Hurst, you saw him winning with refinement a lot more often. Bryce Lance he was just like me better athlete, me run by you a lot of the time. Yeah, like it's pretty discouraging knowing that he's going to be 25 as a

rookie and he's like the same age as people >> younger than Trey. Yeah. He's literally a year younger than Trey. Like Elijah Moore who was drafted in 2021 is a year younger than him. Or a year older than him, sorry. Yeah, that's ridiculous. >> Like it's insane. Like he's like the same age as Javonte Williams it feels like. Like there's he's way too old to be in college. In year one to four of his NDSU career, he was basically useless. And in year five when he's already a redshirt senior and in year six as a super senior, he obviously has the great production, but again, it's against future plumbers and um he's a way better athlete and he has a good quarterback in Cole Payton who's going to get drafted somewhere between round two and five. Also Paul he says listed 2002, so two years younger than Trey Lance. That's the point remains Trey Lance was what a 2021 draft pick? Yeah. Yeah, like he was drafted literally like five draft classes ago.

That's not ideal. >> Trey Lance if he was good would have already played through his rookie contract and 50 year option. Well, Trevor Lawrence got an extension. Yeah, exactly. So Bryce Lance by age should have been in that class. That's how long ago he's been in college. Like Jacoby Lane for example, an early declare. Makai Lemon, an early declare. Carnell Tate, an early declare. They're almost four full years younger. Like Well, I 2000 they weren't born three and a half full years young. Like they're three three and a half years younger. Yeah, they're what 2005 birthdays? Yeah, Makai is a 2000 I think Makai is a 2004 or 2005. I can't remember. Regardless though, all prospect FCS level, didn't win with refinement, very concerned that when he actually faces NFL DBs can he learn refinement then? No, probably not. I mean, again, the exciting thing >> him. He's an NFL athlete. Yeah, the exciting thing is that he can help a team right away cuz he is a little bit

older, but the not exciting thing is that he probably has a lot of work to do and you would rather him be 21 if he has a lot of work to do than 24 and a half. Yeah, and again, don't get me wrong. A lot of these concerns we had with Christian Watson and Christian Watson I would say very much paid out in terms of our expectations. >> Watson was also 23 coming out of school too. He was a little older as well. Yeah, which again, a year younger, so it makes sense, but um yeah, that's our top 16. We'll go through these last four names kind of more you know, dart throws for us I would say. Guys that we value as what would that be fringe top 100 talents? Yeah, so these guys could go anywhere between like the end of the third round to like even early round five probably and we wouldn't be totally shocked. I have Lance and Purcell in this territory. Lance cuz of the competition and the age. Purcell more so because of the off-the-field stuff cuz like I said I think the talent wise he's very much

in the camp of the Hursts and Bells and Branches and those guys. Um DeShawn Stripling also a little bit of an older prospect from Ole Miss, but a guy that I really enjoyed his film, honestly. I thought he had a lot of you know, good qualities. He's a really great athlete. A 436 at his size is absolutely incredible. He's a man and press beater. By the end of the season Ole Miss was really relying on him and he had like his best his best projection production of his career when it mattered most. Yards after catch ability is solid. I thought it's weird these Ole Miss receivers are always good run blockers, but definitely a great run blocker. He's tough. He's physical. The issue here is like his contested rate kind of sucks, especially considering how big he is. He's older yet still raw, which is not a good combination. And he is definitely lacking any real elite production across the course of his career. And I think from a downfield standpoint he didn't really track the ball super super well.

So my comp for him was Alec Aho Manner. You had Zay Jones. I think another comp that's really good there in the prospect model you see Donovan Peoples-Jones or Devontez Walker. I think those are both good as well. So Stripling is an interesting player, but more so a guy that you're going to take a dart throw on. Yeah, and more than likely going to end up being an NFL depth option realistically. A team's going to take him at the end of the third round early fourth round to be, you know, their developmental number three is probably their expectation. If he develops as a number two for them, that would obviously be a huge win, but more than likely the expectation is we're drafting this guy to be our three. Yeah, no, for sure. And and again, like I said earlier in the video, we have film breakdowns on all these players. So if you want to see like if you can't really contextualize what type of player this is, you can definitely check those out over on Flock Fantasy cuz they are

definitely helpful to to understand the type of player we're dealing with. Um again, you have uh Skyler Bell in this tier as well. I also have Jeff Caldwell here you were a little bit lower on, but talking about Skyler Bell, he's a shifty player, good production, but again similar to Lance it is really low-end competition at UConn. Athleticism and speed was a checkpoint, 440 speed. Uh I believe what a 471 or something RAS score unofficially. And then yards after catch ability, he's also kind of one of these versatility or slot type of players. Uh the one issue that I really had with with Skyler Bell is I think he's really slender and didn't play through contact very well and he's not playing against NFL caliber players, so that worried me quite a bit. Um yeah, no, I think that's fair. That's ultimately where I took him down in terms of press coverage. I do think he's probably going to be refined to a slot only role at the next level. The ultimate ceiling would be Jayden Reed,

although I think Jayden Reed worked better vertically in his final year at Michigan State I believe. Um I think McMillan would probably be a good median comp for him. And I would say the 75th percentile 80th percentile outcome or comp would be like a Josh Downs. I ultimately do think though he's probably going to be refined somewhere between the 60 to 80% road rate. Yeah, and I think on the low end you could see like a Luke McCaffrey there, which is um another comp that you could kind of see for him. Again, probably more of a third round pick, but there are very much many There is a lot of Skyler Bell truthers out there. I just am not I'm not quite there with him. I didn't see him I like him. I like him, too, but I like him as like a third round rookie pick or a third or fourth round NFL draft pick. I don't like him as like a top eight receiver in the class like some people. There's people out there that have him rated really high. I do think in the right spot, like again, I'm not going to

go go say top 24 wide receiver in fantasy, but I do think he could be like a wide receiver three. Yeah. Yeah. Like a Jayden Reed, like you said, as the comp there being a a decent example of somebody who became that. Um I do have Jeff Caldwell in this territory who This is basically just a pure dart throw because Jeff Caldwell has really no refinement to his game at this point. However, he is 6'5, 216 lb, and ran a 4.31 at the combine. I'm not even exaggerating. His best athletic comparison is Calvin Johnson. So, I was going to say, what, Usain Bolt? Yeah, elite speed, massive frame, good yards after catch player. He was a dominant producer in Division II uh at uh Lindenwood. Um Yeah, I I just didn't value that at all. I'm not going to lie. Like I didn't give a about it. I understand that. The weaknesses outweigh the strengths. Let's be perfectly clear. There's probably a 5% chance this guy actually hits cuz he's an older prospect. He's a raw route runner. Catch point was a major issue

for him. And he had a lot of drops. This is only power five season. He's the Dante Thornton of this class where I can see this guy like in the preseason, oh my god, how did we overthink the 6'5 >> high candidate during training camp, for sure. Like bro, people are getting seconds, future seconds for Dante Thornton off of a couple news blurbs. Like if you want to take Caldwell for that alone cuz maybe he lands in the spot where oh wow, our 6'5 rookie receiver is really impressive in training camp. Like if they just screen rate If they did that again, imagine they had Dante Thornton and him. They're just running at a 30% route rate each, just battling off each other. Yeah. Here's Here's Here's the one thing I'll like positive I'll say for Jeff Caldwell and why I would actually be comfortable taking like a fourth round swing on him if I was an NFL team. I think there's a 5% chance he develops and turns into an Nico Collins. A 5% chance. Like a very, very low chance

that it actually happens because there's moments on his Lindenwood film, especially, where he looks like he knows how to set up defenders. He looks like he knows how to um stack a corner on the outside. Like it's not a lost cause as a route runner. He just is kind of a lost cause at the catch point, at least at this point in time. Yeah, and then he looked mentally overwhelmed this year. I'm not going to lie. So. At Cincinnati, it's his only power five season, and he had like what, Cyrus Allen outproduced him and a a bunch of guys that are going to be really, really low end draft picks. Like you're purely swinging for the athletic upside if you take on uh Jeff Caldwell, and he's probably a third or a fourth round rookie pick at best. Really quick, rapid fire. We have Malachi Fields, who you and I have really outlined that we're lower on because we don't see he like weakness like a bust is what we have listed here. Like he does not have in and out of his break dynamic athlete weight like even

way more so to the point that we talked about it with Boston or Bell or some of those other guys. Like he is slow in and out of his breaks. Yeah, he's a much worse version of Cedrick Tillman, in my opinion. It's funny that I I I just saw that you had your pro comparison. I'm like kind of reminds me of that. My comp for him is Mack Hollins, and Mack Hollins has made, you know, a couple big plays in New England, a couple big plays with Buffalo, you know. He's been a guy that can contribute as a spike week guy every now and then, but doesn't nearly have the refined game to be able to impact a box score week in week out. Do I think Malachi Fields is going to be, you know, good for the role that he plays? Yeah. But if he's talked about as a top 50 NFL draft pick, top 75 NFL draft pick, I'm sorry, I'm not taking a 500-lb no or 500-lb? We're fat shaming out here, Danny. A 500-yd number three XY receiver. And I say number three like to put it bluntly, like I don't see him being a number two

in an offense, a number three Like Tim Patrick, best case scenario. Yeah. Well, that's what I mean. Like when I say number three XY receiver, I mean like on the depth chart is what I'm pointing out. Like I'm not even saying like number three wide receiver in the context of the offense. Like I think Tim Patrick would probably be about an average outcome for him. Yeah. And again, we can quickly rattle through like Brennan Thompson. There's some fans of him out there. For me, I felt that Brennan Thompson like Calvin Austin. Yeah, other than speed and being a solid route runner, my my comp for him was Tez Johnson. You had kind of like a Calvin Austin. He's too undersized. He doesn't have the play strength to play on the outside, in my opinion. He's going to have to play slot, and I do think he's not going to be a heavily targeted player like a Tez Johnson or like a Calvin Austin. They're a piece of an offense. They're not um the focal point of an offense. And then we also

have Kevin Coleman here, who's like a decent player, but kind of just a lower end slot receiver. Actually, I believe Calvin Austin might have been my comp for him, if I'm not mistaken. And then uh Deion Burks, a guy that is getting a lot of buzz. Like I think there's Deion Burks fans out there. Interesting flashes, but the profile >> Which he's a twitchy guy. He's got yards after catch ability. I think he'll also be very valuable on special teams, as well. We both had the like very similar comps for him, too. Like he's like a Tutu Atwell. He's like going to contribute to an offense. He's going to contribute to a a receiving core, but not somebody that you think is going to be fantasy relevant, really. Yeah, and you might have looked at yours twice cuz my comp will be Jacob Cowing, actually, that I have. >> Yeah. Okay, so interesting. Like the guys that are fun. Hey. Jacob Cowing had almost the exact same profile. It was like a solid, but

not elite athlete. Did some things good after the catch, but wasn't >> version, though. three levels. And yeah, like obviously there was the narrative You know, targeted Teterow McMillan. Yeah. Which again, context of that offense compared to Mizzou this year. I mean, Mizzou misused Luther Burden. Like Yeah, no. Mizzou doesn't know what they're doing um at all. And that was Coleman that you were referring to, not uh Deion Burks. Oklahoma had no idea what they were doing with Burks, though, either, for what it's worth, though. Right. >> Um but anyways, those are like top 23 or so wide receivers, top 22 or so wide receivers. Again, we did this from a talent standpoint. We ranked these guys top 10 grades, Makai Lemon and Tate. Top 25 grades, Tyson, Concepcion, so on and so forth. Top 50, top 75, etc. Post-draft landing spots, draft capital, where they're going in rookie drafts, market value, all that stuff will play in. But we wanted it on record what we think of these guys as players, purely

based off of what we saw with our eyes and what we see in the numbers. So that when you guys come back to this video two years from now, you could see that we had Jacoby Lane when he becomes the next T Higgins super high in the rankings or whatever. Like that's the point of this video and guys that maybe you should be a little higher on and give them a little bit of grace. And also, too, the tiers that we have here, top 50, top 75, top 100, players should move around in these tiers based on capital and landing spot. But let's say Chris Bell goes first round to like a really great landing spot, we're not going to rank him over Jordan Tyson or something where he's like way lower in consensus rank for us right now. Yeah, and I would say like the top two will remain unchanged, no matter what. The A tier and B tier, I would say will be interchangeable based off, you know, where people go, the draft capital, the overall fits. I would say BC tier kind of interchangeable, CD tier kind of

interchangeable, if you look at it in that context. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. So this was a fun exercise. Like I said, this receiver class is very deep. A lot of great talents. There's obviously, there's going to be guys where they come out of the second round of rookie drafts, the third round of rookie drafts, that turn into great fantasy players. Think of the 2023 class as a good example that Rashee Rice, second round rookie pick. Puka Nacua, undrafted in some leagues. Like not saying there's going to be that level of hits that we get out of this class, but maybe we get some Jayden Reeds. Maybe we get some guys like that who come out of the second and third round of their respective class and end up producing big time. So, if you enjoyed this video leave a like down below. Subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. If you're wondering, I just saw all your player cards, what do I need to get your draft guide for? Well, you didn't see the film breakdowns. You didn't see the

film reviews. So you can check out all of those on the site flockfantasy.com. The Dynasty Wall Street Journal, in addition to the player cards that you guys saw, have a film breakdown for every one of the receivers that we broke down today, whether it was Danny and I both on the film review for the top 12 or so uh receivers that we talked through. And then we kind of split up the other guys beyond that point, going through guys that we view as really solid contributors. So, like, comment, subscribe if you enjoyed. Peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
