This running back class takes a lot of heat. But you know what? I actually kind of like it. I actually kind of like this running back class. I'll explain why throughout this video, but I have never been more excited to talk about this running back class than I am today. We're going to go through the running backs to target and avoid the FSE prospect model. As you guys know, postNFL draft, we have all the official heights, weights, athletic testing, draft capital, landing spots, comps, grades, everything we're going to go through to tell you who you should be targeting and who you should be avoiding in rookie drafts. this season. You will feel a lot better after this video about this class. If you watch this video to its entirety, I promise you I'll make you feel better about the running back position. If you enjoy, leave a like, subscribe if you're new around here, hype the video if you guys are on mobile. Now, let's roll. All right, the running back model, the FSE prospect

model. I cliffnotes the process for the wide receiver video. I'm going to cliffnotes the cliffotes for the running back version. Essentially, it's the same thing in the running back model as I talked about in the wide receiver video, which you can watch. I did it on uh Sunday morning. You can skip ahead to the 2026 prospects if you just care about that. And I'll link a video in the description where I go way more in depth on the actual process of the model if you care about that. Cliff notes are this. In the running back model, we have the same goals as we have for wide receivers. We want productive fantasy football running backs measured by year 1 to three PPR points per game, one less year than wide receiver because we do want to see early production out of the running back position and valuable dynasty assets that will hold and ideally gain market value after their rookie season and beyond. So those are the two goals that we're after. The running back model inputs are a little

bit different than the wide receiver model inputs. Why? Because analytics matter more for the wide receiver position. Traits matter a little bit more for the running back position. And of course draft capital matters quite a bit as well. So you got 35% analytics. Receiving production, level of competition, market share stuff, all that stuff that you can see there. Traits meaning size, speed, relative athletic score, third down traits like yards per run and elusiveness and contact balance and stuff. And then film traits being mainly their draft capital as the biggest input. but also their PFF grades and their NFL.com um grade if I didn't grade them and their uh their film grade from me if I did grade them and their consensus big board rank which is basically NFL mockdraft database plus PFF big board as well. So those trend lines that we talked about in the wide receiver video, they're made up the same way. You score based on how you stack up on an individual trade. So if your yards

per out run is good, then you might get the full percentage for that. Those individual percentages, all the traits in the model are tallied up which make up your final FSE grade and you are bucketed based on that grade. So you can see if you have 90% plus, you're a generational running back workhorse 80 plus uh percent plus RB1 upside, RB2 upside and you can see the hit rates on the side there and the expected PPR points per game in years 1 to three. PPR points per game in this model is 20.5% more predictive in R squared of 0.5637 than draft capital and the order they were drafted alone. So you are better off foregoing you know the guy with the better draft capital for the better prospect in this just a a simple you should follow this model more so than uh than you should follow draft capital even though draft capital is a big input. It is also 5% more predictive for predicting dynasty value, which is the second hit rate chart that we have here. 0.5346R squared there as well. So, the last

thing before we get into the 2026 class, remember that this rookie draft tier column compares running backs of that respective draft capital. So, you can see a bunch of first round running backs on the screen right now. This can help you decide which early round running backs to maybe avoid, which late round sleepers to go after, and so much more. Since most Dynasty players are rightfully going to respect a draft running back who goes really high, it's an added level of depth and added level of advice to tell you, hey, Bejon, even though he was a first round pick, is not the same caliber of prospect as Clyde Edwards Hair even though he was a first round pick. So pay attention to those labels throughout the video because they do usually give you a good idea if you should be targeting them, where they're going in ADP, or if you should be avoiding them at ADP as well. And in 2026, I am proud to report, if you guys skipped ahead to this part, that we have a generational running back. Jeremiah

Love, running back, formerly of Notre Dame, now of the Arizona Cardinals, is the third best running back in the prospect model since 2016 behind only Saquon Barkley and Bejian Robinson. He's also the highest drafted running back since Saquon Barkley in 2018. Generational running backs, there's four or there's three of them in the NFL right now. Bean, Saquon, Christian McAffrey. All three of them have hit a 20 plus point per game season within their first three seasons in the NFL. Bejian's done it in back-to-back seasons. Saquin did it as a rookie. Christian McAffrey as a secondyear player. Jeremiah Love is the RB1 in this class and his comps range from Christian McCaffrey to Ashen Genty and Jamir Gibbs. In the short term, we do have some concerns with Jeremiah Love. Underdog best baseball manas are live right now. The contest opened yesterday and he is running back 15 off the board which tells us as an early third round reddraft pick that he might have some competition early on in his career. They

have Tyler Algier, they have James Connor, they have Trey Benson. There's going to be some backfield competition here. And by the way, if you guys want to draft baseball mania teams right now, you can sign up using our promo code FSE. Get some practice for your home league reddrafts and also win some huge prizes. $20 million in total prizes in baseball mania. And our draft guide promo is back. You want to get our Dynasty rookie draft guide to help you crush your rookie drafts? You can get it for free when you sign up and make your first play of at least $10 on Underdog Fantasy within 24 hours. You will be sent the draft guide and our reddraft guide once you need it in June. Um, you will get that for free by signing up on underdog. And if you already have an underdog account, this plus the prospect model, Dynastywall Street Journal, all available on flockfantasy.com. Annual motherfers can get a free live team review to help you guys with your rookie drafts. And team reviews right now are

buy 1 get one 50% off. But back to Jeremiah Love, year one, this backfield is going to be messy. Capital is king. He was the third overall pick in the draft. He is going to get touches eventually. It might just take him a couple of weeks, which is why the reddraft projection is a little murkier than the dynasty projection. Jeremiah Love is super young, man. He can't even legally drink alcohol to separate that he got drafted into the NFL. He's not even 21 years old yet. And even Bejian Robinson was eased in in his rookie season. He had just a 52.5% opportunity share. I tend to think that Love is going to have a similar fate. Love is my RB3 in Dynasty, but take note that it is very likely going to be a 13 to 16 PPR point per game season from him this year. And then year two, then he'll have that 20 point per game upside barring injury to the other guys in the back field where he could actually hit it this year. Arizona has a fun young offense, man. Jacobe Brassette more than

capable of producing points. The Cardinals offense averaged 21 points per game with Jacobe Brassette as the starting quarterback last year, which would have ranked middle of the pack in the NFL, 20th in the NFL. And that was despite having a fourth and fifth string running back and also no Marvin Harrison for a lot of those games. So I really like uh Jeremiah Love. Before we get into RB2, I do want to show you guys some data that I've uh gone through before I made this video. Um draft capital is going to be a big conversation in this draft class because hit rates at running back. Lots of day three guys to talk about here. A lot of people are going to be talking about Jadarian Price and what is his hit rate because he's a first round pick. Without me sharing this value, where would you guys think the biggest drop off in hit rate at the running back position comes in terms of draft capital? I would assume most of you think it's round one to round two or day two to day three,

round three to round four. And you would be correct. Most people's answer by conventional wisdom since 2016 is the biggest drop off is from uh day two, late round three to early round four and day three. 8.9 expected PPR points per game. As you guys can see on this chart, years 1 to three expected if you are a pick 65 to pick 105. So a third round pick or or compensatory pick and then 4.88 once you get into early round four and uh round five as well. And your chances of having a fantasy relevant season 10 points per game go from 65% to 27% and your chances of being an RB1 in fantasy a 15 plus point per game running back go from 25% to 10%. However, the way that my prospect model grades are structured, draft capital is more distinguished um and more intently nuanced than just first round pick, second round pick, day two pick, etc. Running back values have changed as of late. An early third round running back, top 75 selected running back is often a different caliber of prospect than a

very late third round selected running back. Think of the guys that have gone in this territory the last couple years. Caleb Johnson last year, Tai Davis Price, Royce Freeman, those type of players. Trey Surman. Those are the guys that are going at the end of the third round. And I'm arguing here that that is not much different from a day three selected running back, a round four, round five running back. And you can see it in the hit rates. If you segment by top 10 pick, 11 to 25 first round pick, 26 to 50, so late first round and early second round are blended together. 51 to 75, meaning uh late second round to early third round. And then 76 to 105, so late third round picks. And then 106 to 150 fourth rounders and early fifth rounders. If we drill down, those hit rates become a lot tighter. They become a lot closer when you actually tighten those up, which is why the prospect model is structured in that way. And you can see the hit rate for fantasy relevance goes from 50% to 30%, a much

closer and tighter hit rate. And your hit rate from RB1 seasons, your smash rate 17% to 11%. So, it's a lot closer with these day three running backs than you guys would probably think for a guy like Helen Black, for example, who snuck into the back of round three. And this wasn't always the case, by the way. If you include old school running backs 2010 to 2022, then those hit rates actually do get wider again even despite tightening it up from 76 to 105, 106 to 150. So you can see it's 56% 24%, 20 uh% and 6%. So this is a new school trend that running backs are now seeing later draft capital than they usually did. So with all those numbers in context, let's get into the running back two in the prospect model, which is Jonah Coleman, running back formerly of Washington, who is now of the Denver Broncos. He is a smash on the rookie draft tier. Keep that in mind. When it says smash, you want to be drafting them. The only running back one upside prospect in the model, right? Running back one upside

prospect other than workhorse and generational is the best you can be. 15 plus PPR points per game. As you can see above me, hit rate of 60%. We got a 60% chance that Jonah Coleman's going to be an RB1 based on his uh projected prospect here. And he's expected to peak as an RB1 in dynasty value about 65% of the time. Jonah Coleman is the second highest FSE graded running back to ever be selected outside of the first three rounds. The first Cam Scataboo last year. And if you guys were watching this video, you know that Cam Scataboo was on the thumbnail of it last year. And he was a guy that was screaming from the mountain tops to be drafting. And apparently the NFL didn't learn their lesson on Cam Scaboo. He's a little bit slow. Who cares? He's a great running back prospect. Everyone who watched this video last year, if you listen to what I said in that video, you would have taken a lot of shares of Cam Scataboo and probably have me to thank for it. Coleman's a stud. He is a three-own

workhorse frame-wise, receiving production wise, the toughness, the pass protection. He has everything that coaches will love, specifically an old school coach like Shawn Payeyton. And the Broncos are not afraid to give their best guy the football. evidenced by the fact that they brought in JK Dobbins and JK Dobbins was top five in rush yards over expected and started for the first month of the season or so. While in the same circumstance, the same situation, the second round selected RJ Harvey was a lot worse and a lot less efficient. He was bottom five in rush yards over expected despite running in the same offense, same offensive line, same surrounding factors. Jonah Coleman will have to earn touches in year one, but I expect him to. Hell, we've already seen reports that he's going to be the short yardage back as soon as he was drafted. Need I remind you, this offensive line is truly one of the best in the NFL and maybe the best in the NFL. Coleman is the first name off the board for me. If

you guys are wondering, okay, the first 10 players, they all went in the first round. It's some order of like those Omar Coopers, Tai Simpsons, Casey Conpians at the end of the first round of rookie drafts. Who's the next guy? The answer to me is Jonah Coleman. 111 is where he sits in my rankings. There is nobody I would rather take the swing on than a guy that has a 65% chance as peaking as an RB1 in terms of his expected hit rate. And when you combine the talent with the landing spot and you ignore the draft capital just a little bit because it is again in fourth round capital is more like third round capital in the 2010s. I am all in on Jonah Coleman this year more than any other. I'm going to be relying on what the caliber of prospect was not necessarily where they were drafted. If they go to a situation with opportunity and they were a good prospect, I will be in on them at cost because this class isn't good enough to be uh elevating certain players. If we had gotten five second

round receivers, I would obviously be taking those guys over Jonah Coleman. But given that the only good second round receiver prospect, Denzel Boston, went to the Browns, who already drafted a first round receiver, then I do think it is worth taking the risk on Jonah Coleman. Moving in to the RB2 upside prospects. There's two of them in this class. RB2 upside prospects hit at a 31% clip, 15 plus point per game in their career, and they peak as RB2s are better in Dynasty just over half the time. So again, you're getting about a coin flip for a decent hit in fantasy football. Running back three in the model is Jadarian Price. Now, Jadarian Price is definitely not RB3 in my rankings. He is RB2 in my rankings because he got first round draft capital of the Seattle Seahawks. I would not take Jonah Coleman over him. And the reason for that is because I don't have to. Why would I try and look smarter than everybody by taking Jonah Coleman over Jadarian Price when I could just trade down from

Jadarian Price's pick and take Jonah Coleman? Or if I have multiple picks, let's say I have the 106 and I have the 2011, I can get both of these guys. Uh regardless, so I can always trade down. Jadarian Price's prospect profile requires context as we know. But Jonah Coleman, just because he's the better prospect in the model, doesn't mean I'm going to take the model verbatim for what they think of Jadarian Price because he is the type of prospect. They can't just look at prospect models for Jadarian Price. These are the comps in my opinion. All four of these guys had similar circumstances to Jadarian Price in college. Sanders, Miles Sanders from Penn State had Saquon Barkley to compete with. Josh Jacobs had Naji Harris and Damen Harris to compete with. and Brian Robinson. Sony Michelle had Nick Chub and DeAndre Swift to compete with. James Cook had DeAndre Swift, Nick Chub, and Sony Michelle in his first couple years of college. And then in his final two years of college had three more drafted

running backs in Zamir White, Kenny Macintosh, and Kendall Milton. So, these guys know what it's like to have a lot of backfield competition. Jadarian Price shared a backfield with Jeremiah Love. Not only Jeremiah Love, but also Audrey Estame during his career as well. He is unbelievably good on tape. If you watch Jadarian Price, he looks like a pro style running back. You just have to Frankenstein the profile a little bit and say, I get it. He went 32nd overall. Lately, we haven't seen a lot of late first round hits at the running back position. But the Seattle Seahawks just won the Super Bowl on the back of feeding their top running back, Kenneth Walker, during that playoff run when it mattered most. Not only that, but Zack Charbanet tore his ACL during said playoff run, and he didn't have surgery until February. He doesn't project to be back on the field a nine-month recovery or more until week 11 of this season. So we are looking at a situation where Jarian Price walks into all they have

other than Zack Charbanet is Emanuel Wilson. They added just him behind Jadarian Price. They spent first round capital on a position that doesn't go at a premium typically in today's NFL. And Jadarian Price is a prospect version in my opinion reincarnated of Sony Michelle. Sony Michelle for those of you guys that are around for it. Sony Michelle was getting comps to Alvin Chimera coming out of school. Sony Michelle was a much better prospect than he was in the pros and even early in his career, he got opportunities to play for the Patriots and get a big workload, won a Super Bowl as a rookie as the starting running back. So, yes, he has a landmine label. Jadarian Price definitely a risky prospect, but so did Miles Sanders. So did uh who was a multi-time top 24 running back. So did James Cook, who was the RB3 in fantasy this year. Like the capital, the landing spot, and the volume is all there. Remember also that Clint Kubak who did screw with Kenneth Walker throughout the season used

Kenneth Walker in the way that Kenneth Walker should be used. He's a little bit of an inconsistent runner and more importantly Clint Kubak isn't there anymore. He is on the Las Vegas Raiders as the head coach there. So draft Jedarian Price. I'm very comfortable drafting him at 105 106 in superflex leagues and in one quarterback leagues alike. Running back four in the model and the other RB2 upside prospect is Nicholas Singleton formerly of Penn State. Easily the most difficult running back I've ever evaluated. Legitimately in six years, this is the most challenging evaluation of a running back I've ever done. For freshman year, Nick Singleton would have been the one in this class. Let's be perfectly clear about that. Go watch his freshman highlight tape if you don't believe me. This guy looked like he was shot out of a cannon with 42 speed and he was 18 freaking years old. Singleton probably would have been a fourth round rookie pick if we were just going off of what

he did this year. But Singleton is so intriguing because he checks every single box for a fantasy superstar if it works out. keyword if it works out. Productive at a big school for a long time, legit five-star high school recruit, legit 220 plus size, uh 220 plus pound size, and 4-3 speed and a great receiving profile to boot. So, we're looking at a guy that truly has everything it takes to be Bree Hall at the next level if he ends up hitting. stars have aligned for my dynasty faithful here because enjoy getting the gift of second round Nicholas Singleton who could legitimately be a top five Dynasty running back someday in the second round of your rookie draft. His best comparable is Chase Brown. And for those of you guys that were around when Chase Brown came up 2023, where was he in my sleeper rankings? He was number one. He was the number one sleeper. He's perhaps the biggest trademark hit of us as a channel. We were all in on Chase Brown coming out of Illinois. Go and check the receipts if you don't believe

me. So, if I'm telling you in my gut that I think this guy's the next Chase Brown, I'm going to be drafting the living daylights out of Nicholas Singleton. Why? Because this class stinks. After the first 11, 12 players are off the board. Take the guy with the highest upside. And Nicholas Singleton absolutely has the highest upside of any one of those guys. Does he have some mental hurdles to get over? Vision, patience, tempoing your runs. Yes. But you know who else had that? Bucky Irving. He figured it out in one training camp. He was a different player on his rookie tape than he was at his final season of Oregon. Now, let's go to the situation. Fifth round draft capital to the Tennessee Titans. Tony Pard's 29 years old. Tony Pard many thought would get cut this year, be a cap casualty. Yes, he rushed for a thousand yards last season, but he's not long for that situation. And also, he's a really good mentor for Nick Singleton because he was raw coming out of Memphis as well. And

then Taj Spears, unrestricted free agent after this season, injury-prone, degenerative knees. There's nothing that really scares me about Taj Spears. Brian Dball in back-to-back seasons has started a day three selected running back. Cam Scataboo last year with the Giants and Tyrone Tracy the year before that with the Giants. He also featured a 21-year-old player in Malik Neighbors. Actually, I think he was 20 at the time when he was drafted. So, he's not afraid to thrust rookies into big roles. This offense could be a breakout unit in 2026. They drafted Carnell Tate. Cam Ward goes into his second year. I think Brian Dball is a good offensive coordinator and play caller. I am all in on Nick Singleton. All in. I will take him as high as 112, 2011, wherever I need to take him. Depending on tight end premium, I would probably take Eli Stoers ahead of him or in a six-point for passing touchdown, 12 or 14 team superflex. Maybe you'd prefer Drew Waller, but in this class, I am taking

the swing on the upside any day of the week. You can have Antonio Williams and Jeremy Bernard. They're fine prospects. They do not have the upside that Nicholas Singleton does. If he figures it out, keyword if, but if he figures it out, he has way more upside than anybody in this territory of rookie drafts. Six flex play prospects in the running back model here. A 16% smash rate for an RB1. these flex play caliber prospects and just under a one in4 chance essentially of getting a guy from this range that peaks his RB24 or higher on the dynasty market. First of which is Nicholas Singleton's teammate Kron Allen running back from Penn State. Kron Allen goes to an offense that basically played a seventh round running back as most of their starting reps last year. So this is in my opinion a wide openen depth chart at the running back position. Yes, they bring in Rashad White. Yes, they bring in Jerome Ford. Both of those veterans are probably going to be involved early on. Yes, they still have

Jakory Kroski Merritt. Katron Allen is nearly two full years younger than Jaory Kroski Merritt. And in two seasons, his last two seasons at Penn State, had more yardage and touchdowns than Jaka Kroski Merritt had in a six-year college career despite playing in FCS conference for five of those six years. So, Kron Allen to me much better prospect than Jaka Crosky Merritt. That being said, I do expect the veterans to be involved early. Katron is my 24th ranked player. Don't get overboard with him because he has some veterans to compete with. But depending on your team needs, I'm cool spending a mid to late second rounder on him because in my opinion, he comps very favorably to Tyler Algier or to uh Jordan Howard. My comp for him on tape was Jordan Howard. I do think he could end up becoming the next Jordan Howard and be a multi-time, multi-year RB2 or better for fantasy if he can command the touches here. So Kron Allen definitely high on my draft list as well. These first five guys I would say are kind of

a tear break just in my mind as prospects. The next guys that we'll get to I'll go a little bit faster. I will say though all of these guys that I'm about to talk about I think went to great fits. Not good draft capital, not necessarily exceptional prospects, but good fits for what their skill set is and what they could be doing in the NFL. The first guy, Eli Henrik, running back from Navy or running back wide receiver fullback. He plays all positions. Eli Hidenrich has some very, very intriguing receiving traits in the prospect model. So, um, Eli Hinrich, great fit for this offense. Both Aaron Rogers and Drew Aller have experience throwing to their running backs. Think of what Drewer did with those two guys that I just talked about at Penn State. How many targets did they get? Kron Allen not even being the starting receiving back. 20 plus targets all four years of his college career and Singleton like 50 plus targets in his junior season. And of course, Aaron Rogers is immobile and fed

Kenneth Gainwell basically a league winning role last season. one of the best running back spots that he could have gone to because they can use a hybrid player. Think of who their coach is. Mike McCarthy, what did they do with Tony Pard in Dallas? Like this is a really good spot for Eli Hinrich. I know that seventh round draft capital sucks ass for sure if you guys were high on Hinrich, but I love this fit. I think this is a really awesome fit for him. Not to mention, he's a Pittsburgh native. He's a Steelers fan. Just a hand glove fit for him. It was the best place he could have gone. Best comp here is probably like Chase Edmonds, maybe a Brashard Smith on the worst case scenario. Um, I think Chase Edmonds being like the high-end comp is is kind of what I'm going to stick with. Moving into RB7 in the model, Emtt Johnson, running back of Nebraska. He goes to the Kansas City Chiefs. He was a prospect that we were definitely lower on. But I actually really like this landing spot

for him long term because he can play a passcatching role alongside Kenneth Walker. And longterm, maybe year three, year four, Kenneth Walker will be like 27, 28 years old at that point. Maybe he can develop into more than that. Think of like Austin Eckler's career trajectory where early he was behind Melvin Gordon, but then after um Melvin Gordon left, he became the go-to guy. There's a handcuff plus upside type of pick here. And again, I'm not super high on EMTT Johnson, but he was a decent prospect on paper. If there's one thing that he can do right away, it's be a good receiving back. And Jerick McKinnon is the role that I think they have in mind for EMTT Johnson because Kenneth Walker's a good player, but he's not an exceptional receiver. I think he's an efficient receiver, but he's not an exceptionally gifted, you know, route runner or pass catcher or anything like that. So, Emtt Johnson, don't give up on him. I know he didn't really go to the

best landing spot as far as touches being available, but he can be a handcuff plus very early on in his career. Same goes for Mike Washington. Um, this was definitely a poor run out for him. I am glad to see that the NFL didn't, you know, chase the the 40 time that he ended up running because when you watch Mike Washington on tape, yes, he's big and fast, but as we documented in our draft guide film breakdown of him, he has subpar vision. His instincts aren't refined. His footwork is definitely not where it needs to be, and he had a bad production profile. He was one good season at Arkansas for four years prior to that of middling production despite playing at like Buffalo and New Mexico State. So, he was 23 years old. Yes, he had a nice season, but he's probably like Raandre Stevenson, I would say, is the best comparable for what he could turn into in terms of a ceiling. The floor or the more likely comparison is Isaac Garendo of the 49ers. Truly insane how close his profile is to Isaac Garreno's who also

had one good season at Louisville and he was stuck behind Brilen Allen at Wisconsin. So, even the scheme that they're going to and being a handcuffed behind a stud is similar to what Isaac has dealt with so far. So, will Mike Washington have moments for Las Vegas? I expect him to he maybe he can be the Alexander Madison to Gent's Dalvin Cook and he can be one of the best four to five handcuffs in dynasty for the next five years or something. Um and that'll have some value to contenders and guys who have Genty on their team. But I'm not really that interested in Mike Washington knowing that he has an absolute stud ahead of him on the depth chart who has four more years of team control and probably isn't going anywhere after that. So not a good run out for Mike Washington. Fourth round capital is fine. He's a fine prospect but probably just a handcuff to Ashen Genty right away. Maybe you think Clint Kubak can do what he did to Kenneth Walker to Ashen Genty. In which case, if

you're high on Mike Washington, you probably need to be low on Ashen Genty. Running back nine in my rankings here is De Man Claybornne or in the prospect models rankings. Deon Claybourne goes to the Minnesota Vikings, which again, I love the fit, man. I have Claybourne higher than where a lot of people are going to have him. I have him RB6 in my actual rankings because this is the perfect landing spot. per Thor Nestrom who's a big Vikings connected guy on X. He reported essentially that the Vikings were debating taking him in the third round and they've been enamored with him since last year's draft going back to what he basically he could have come out last year and probably would have been a higher pick. Claybourne's a 4-3 speed guy and he has pass catching upside and in this class when you're a former big recruit and you were productive in college as a true junior especially um after no fumbles, no drops in his first three seasons, he had a really bad year. Really mistakone, fumbled the ball,

dropped the ball. His O line was way better in 2024 as well. But Claybourne on 2024 tape was a my guy in our draft guide for a reason. I think he goes to an offense where he can learn from the perfect guy. Aaron Jones is exactly the player he could turn into if he adds a little bit of weight, gets a little bit more physical, and develops his game. So, Deont Clayborn, to me, that's the nuts comp if he hits, and he's learning behind the exact player that he could turn into. So, he can carve out a passcatching role pretty much right away for the Minnesota Vikings. But, similar to what I said with Johnson, only probably sooner, he can get on the field as potentially a long-term option for Minnesota because Aaron Jones is 30 years old, maybe 31 at this point, and Jordan Mason, in my opinion, just isn't that great and will just be an in between the tackles guy. So if you want this year's Bucky Irving, which is a buzzword for everybody in Dynasty Land, here he is. If he works out, this will

be the guy that turns into Bucky Irving. It's Deon Clayborn in my opinion. So I would take him at the beginning of the third round, end of the second round if you absolutely had to. Him and Kron Allen are pretty much backtoback in my rankings. Um RB10 for me is a guy that actually went undrafted. Desmond Reed from Pit, he did sign a deal with the Buffalo Bills. When you look at undrafted running backs, he is right there with Shawn Tucker as the best undrafted running back in the models history going back to 2016, just ahead of Raheem Sanders last year who went to the Browns, had a nice rookie season for a UDFA, made the team, got some run, all that kind of stuff. And James Robinson in 2020 is right behind him, who obviously is like the best undrafted free agent running back of the last five years. Um, he goes to the Bills. No guarantee that he plays at all. No guarantee that he even makes the team or stays on this team. And maybe he goes to a different place, but he's a true PPR

specialist. He's what we wanted Jaden Blue to be. He's Tariq Cohen. He's Naim Hines. He's what we wanted Don El Pumprey to be coming out of San San Diego State. So, that is the type of player Desmond Reed is very, very productive as a receiver. I think he can carve out a role in a back field on special teams and uh maybe get on the field as a pass game specialist alongside a running back who doesn't really catch the ball. Not necessarily the case in in Buffalo, but maybe he can get on the field as the new Tai Johnson there. So, uh waiverwire prospects. Let's talk about the guys that were drafted and then I'll go through the undrafted free agents in a second cuz we only had what 13 running backs drafted this year. It was the lowest amount since 2010. So this class, while there wasn't a lot of guys drafted, I do like the landing spots as I made reference to. 7% of the time you're going to get an RB1 out of this territory. So temper expectations, we're talking about dart

throws here. 11% of the time you're going to get a guy who peaks as an RB2 or better in dynasty. So again, one out of every 10 times pretty much is when you're going to hit on a player like this. The waiverwire prospects to ever have an RB2 or better season are on the screen right now. Damen Pierce, James Robinson, Jerome Ford, Tony Pard, Jamal Williams, Chris Carson, Isaiah Pacheco, and Jaylen Warren. Those are the hits. There's 10 more misses for every hit that you see there. Running back 11 in the model is Keelin Black, who went to the San Francisco 49ers and showcased just how bad the 49ers are at drafting running backs because think of the last couple running backs they've drafted. And even with third round capital, Keelin Black couldn't crack the top 10 running backs in this class in the model. Despite being RB3 off the board in the real NFL draft and being one of only three running backs to go on day two or higher, Alexander Madison and Tai Davis Price are the only other

waiverwire prospects to ever go on day two or earlier. So, ironically, the 49ers have now done this a second time in the last five years with Ty Davis Price being the worst running back ever selected on day two or earlier. The bright side is that he's got speed. He's got good instincts. I think he's a pro ready contributor to the backfield and he can play the role that Brian Robinson played last year. However, Isaac Gendo was basically hurt all year. Is he going to be a factor? Jordan James wasn't a huge factor last year, but I think he could be this year. We've heard some buzz about him being a guy that could develop into something better. He was like just as good of a prospect as Keelin Black was last year. That illustrious like CMC handcuff that I think a lot of people are going to assume Keelin Black is right away. maybe he has the leg up for because draft capital-wise, you know, he got the the investment, but this was a major reach from San Francisco. This guy's like 24

and a half years old and probably is what he is at this point. I likened him to Jerome Ford in our draft guide. That would be a good career trajectory for him. And I think that Jerome Ford, if he turned into Jerome Ford, he would be like the clear handcuff to Christian McCaffrey, which has some value. But don't get crazy here. Don't chase the draft capital with Keelin Black. He was not that good of a prospect. him and Roman Hembi basically split touches all year and Roman Hembi went undrafted. Running back 12 here is Adam Randall who was drafted late in the sixth round I believe or late in the fifth round to the Baltimore Ravens. Um really exciting convert from wide receiver to running back. The exciting thing about Adam Randall is unlike Tyrone Tracy who's the last prospect that we saw convert from wide receiver to running back. Um Adam Randall isn't even 22 years old yet and Tracy was like 24 coming out of school at uh Purdue. So I really like Adam Randall. He's a big physical running

back. Danny likes him a lot more than I do. I'm a little worried that he's not going to get on the field right away and then they'll invest heavy draft capital next year in a better running back class on the running back position because I think all of us can agree here he's not starting over Derrick Henry. Derrick Henry will play as long as he wants to play. He's probably the best running back of this size profile that Adam Randall shares to ever do it. So, it's a good player to learn from. Again, remember when I talked about fit? Adam Randall learning behind Derrick Henry? Excellent. Excellent fit. He needs help with his footwork. He needs help with his vision, his instincts. He's only been playing running back for one year. He was a receiver the first three years of his college career. So, this is a great guy to learn from, but you're probably at best uh Derrick Henry's handcuff in year one. Keaton Mitchell is gone. Day one, I do think he can be Derrick Henry's handcuff. Maybe have a

standalone passcatching role. I do believe I have him a little higher than this. Like, I know I have him over uh Keelin Black and Desmond Reed in my post-draft rankings, but again, don't go crazy with Adam Randall. I get he's exciting, but he's not that exciting, if that makes any sense. But Keaton Mitchell's gone, so he could carve out the handcuff role. Seth McGawan goes to the Indianapolis Colts. Not overly interesting to me. McGawan was an older player. Jonathan Taylor is Jonathan Taylor. DJ Giddens, in my opinion, a better prospect than Seth McGawan, but he needed time to develop. It will be McGowan versus Giddens to be the backup running back. That's the way I look at this situation. Seth McGawan's best comparables like Rodney Anderson, who also I think he played on the same team as ironically, or maybe he was just after him. Rodney Anderson had some off the- field concerns. Seth McGawan had some off the- field concerns. So, I do think it's a pretty similar comparison.

and both of them played for the University of Oklahoma at one one time or another. So McGown, could he be a third running back on the Colts? Sure. Is he going to be a huge contributor? I doubt it. Um the rest of the class basically UDFAS good taxi squad guys in Desmond Reed, Jay Knot from Oklahoma who I believe signed with Kansas City as well. Le'Veon Moss signed with the Dolphins which maybe has some room on that depth chart behind Ollie Gordon and Jaylen Wright. Maybe he can compete for the backup job behind Achan. Jamari Taylor signed with the Jags who definitely have like a fourth running back spot available on their depth chart. Roman Hembi signed with the Raiders. I don't actually think he's that much worse than Mike Washington, so we'll see how that plays out. Um, Tyrion Stewart, I believe. Where did Tyrion Stewart go? I think he went to Titans or something. What What team did he end up signing with? Oh, they signed him. The Chiefs signed him as well. So, the Chiefs are just snapping up all these

running backs while they can. But, if I could give you some comps here just briefly. Um, Reed, I mentioned already at RB10. Jay Kn, let's say he's Donovan Edwards, give or take. Um, Le'Veon Moss, Bam Knight, who also went undrafted, who was actually pretty good last year. Jamari Taylor, let's say he's Frank Gore Jr. because Gore was not a very good athlete either. Gore Jr., uh, that is, and Roman Hemi, let's say he's probably the best comparable to Jaylen Warren. I know that's high praise, but again, keep in mind that it's like very, very low chances he actually hits. Tyrion Stewart, kind of like Solvin Okmed or Rico Dattle, best case scenario. And the rest probably don't matter. Noah Whittington, Raul, Face on, those guys, they're just kind of bad. Um, the whole 2026 class, this is what it looks like. If you guys want a comp for this class, how good is this class relative to other classes that we've seen? This class, in my opinion, I know it seems worse than

it is. This class, in my opinion, could age like the 2022 class. Now, that is very high praise. So, again, Jeremiah Love is like an essentially a better version of Bruce Hall. Kenneth Walker is essentially a slightly better version of Jonah Coleman, especially draft capital-wise. But then the rest of these kind of make sense as comps. Rashad White, Nick Singleton, James Cook, Jadarian Price, uh, Tyler Algier to Kron Allen. Like, there's comps all over the place with this class. I guess the question here is, do we get a Kairen Williams like Smash? Do we get a Damen Pierce like Smash as a rookie? Do we get an Isaiah Pacheco or Rashad White oneoff RB1 season? We probably won't realistically, but I do think there's upside beyond the Notre Dame running backs to have some productive fantasy guys out of this territory. And if you guys want to see the running back class without draft capital included, so who was aided most by draft capital, who was hurt the most by draft capital, you can

see that Nicholas Singleton, if you remove draft capital, would be the third best running back in this class. And Jadarian Price would be the sixth best running back in this class. So that's definitely a big time swap there. Eli Henrik definitely not aided by the draft capital he got. Desmond Reed, Jay Knot also victims of the draft capital they got. You can see just how low Keelin Black ranks on this list. you can see just how low um guys like Seth McGawan rank on this list as well. So that's the running back class without draft capital. And because I forgot to do this in the wide receiver video the other day, I'll show you the wide receivers as well, even though it's not really related to what we're talking about. You can see that Mai Lemon, when you remove draft capital, is by far and away the best receiver in this year's class. So again, keep in mind, do not let this guy fall outside of the 103 to 104. And I know there's people ranking him 107 who actually think are really good at this.

Take the value. Take the value on Mai Lemon. is very similar to CD Lamb in 2020 in my opinion. And you could see Eric Mallister who's still unsigned clearly has some serious off the- field concerns and that injury is definitely a problem for him as well. Elijah Serat, major major bump for him when you uh don't account for draft capital. Bryce Lance, Tyron Montgomery, Jeff Caldwell, CJ Daniels, and Chase Roberts all see a little bit of a boost as well. But generally the wide receiver position was pretty well ranked at the top. The guys that see a big hit when you remove Draft Capital where they were drafted, Zack Branch, Chris Purcell, Antonio Williams, Deshawn Stribbling, no shocker there. Jeremy Bernard, also worth noting, he's not that great of a prospect and he's aided by Draft Capital, Malachi Fields, and Caleb Douglas. So, as you guys can tell, I like this class probably a lot more than a lot of you guys, a lot more than your other favorite Dynasty creators probably do as well. We broke

down, and the reason I like this class because I can say I did the work on it. We broke down a thousand plus hours of tape on this class in general. And in January to April when most of you guys were, you know, living your real lives, I was in the tape with this class. And like I said, this class has gems to be had. Will we get a Kairen Williams? Will we get an Isaiah PCO? Will we get a Rashad White? We don't know that for sure. But like I said, there's enough good fits, not good capital, not necessarily excellent prospects. There's enough good prospected team fits that I think we could see a couple of surprises from this class. And I think we will get, let's say, somewhere between two to four fantasy relevant guys beyond the Notre Dame duo that win the first round. So, leave a like if you guys are a little bit more excited about this class. Hopefully, I gave you some hope about it. I have 11 running backs in my top 37 overall rankings for Superflex rookie draft. So, I think this class is

better than people think. The fits are intriguing to me. The wide receiver class had a very poor run out, which definitely helps the running back class a little bit. And the tight ends are good, yes, but we only have a couple of those to go around. only have a couple quarterbacks to go around as well. So, if you enjoyed this video, leave a like, subscribe, all that good stuff. If you want our Dynasty rookie draft guide, like I said, you can get it one of two ways. It is updated postdraft and you can get access to the FSE prospect model. You can tinker around with everything I've talked about here today. It is fully up todate on flockfantasy.com. Our rookie draft guide is up todate on flockfantasy.com. Our rookie rankings and startup rankings are up to date on flockfantasy.com. And if you want our dynasty rookie draft guide, our dynasty rookie film breakdowns and our reddraft guide when it comes out, our start set rankings uh come the regular season, you can sign up on underdog this year using the promo code

FSE. And when you sign up and make your first play, you got to deposit 10 bucks, make a play, make a pick them on NHL, NBA, or enter a best draft. Then you will also get access to those draft guides. $100 value just for a one uh $10 sign up on Underdog Fantasy with our code FSE. That is all linked down below in the description if you guys are interested. But with that being said, peace out. I'll talk to you soon.
