We are 2 days away from NFL free agency. We've already broken down the quarterbacks, given our predictions, played our matchmaker. We've broken down the running backs, given our predictions, played our matchmaker. Today, we're going to break down in the first half of this video the wide receiver position, go over the top 10 free agents, some of the trade candidates, etc. Much better wide receiver draft class than the other positions, quarterback and running back. So, we'll probably just say, "Ah, they probably draft somebody when we think of uh teams that are not suited for a free agent." And then the second half of this video, we're going to do the tight end. So, as always, if you guys want a chance to win an annual [ __ ] over on flockfantasy.com, make your predictions in the comments. At the end of this, quarterbacks, running backs, wide receivers, and tight ends. If you get more right than we do, we'll uh give away um one free annual [ __ ] So, just make sure you're leaving those

down below. And as always, don't edit the comments after the fact because we will check. So, Danny, uh let's let's talk about some of the trades and cuts to get us kicked off. The first one being DJ Moore was traded to the Buffalo Bills for like second round draft capital leaving the Buffalo Bills I would assume with a check mark as okay we address the wide receiver position. >> Yeah, they make the move for DJ Moore. They end up sending a second the Chicago Bears way and we could talk about the deal itself like paying a two for DJ Moore inheriting that guaranteed money these next couple of years already being now 32nd in cav space top wide receiver position spending. It's gotten to the point where they can't add an Alec Pearson free agency. They can't go and sign another big, you know, 20 plus million per year, even 10 plus million per year type of contract. If they're going to add competition to this core along with DJ Moore, it's going to come through the NFL draft.

>> Yeah. So, that one's pretty cut and dry. I think the Bills, we can just stamp on DJ Moore's name for the time being. If they draft a Denzel Boston, if they draft a Ted Hurst on day two, if they draft somebody like that, that would obviously be just gravy to them. AJ Brown. It's been reported that the Patriots offered a one and a three for him. Uh we also heard that the the Ravens were interested who just traded for Max Crosby, so they're probably out of that. Chargers also did their due diligence, it sounds like, on AJ Brown as well. Do you think AJ Brown is going to get traded? Yes or no? >> If the Patriots seriously offered a one and a three to me, this period right now is Howie doing his due diligence seeing what else is out there. I understand even if it's 31st overall, but you offer me 31 and what would that be? 93 in the third round to move off of a 29year-old wide receiver with a huge capit. To me, that's resetting the clock for the Eagles. You draft a pass catcher with

your earlier first and you're still able to potentially get your future Lane Johnson replacement at 29 or 31, sorry. So, for me, again, spoiler alert, we'll make our predictions in a second. I think AJ Brown does end up being a Patriot because I don't see how the Eagles financially can pass down that type of offer. Okay. So, um, do we want to add AJ Brown to the list as just like a does he stay with the Eagles or predict the team and not and not include him in the bonus picks just because there's so much smoke around him getting traded? Yeah, let's include him as an official prediction here and um, we can we can make our prediction just off the top here. I also agree with you that I think AJ Brown ultimately ends up in New England Patriot. Well, they'll figure it out. Maybe it's taking on Cap, maybe it's throwing another day three pick or something like that >> to make it work. I think AJ Brown, there's too much smoke of him not being in Philadelphia longterm for me to for

him to just stay there after all this, >> especially all the stuff we learned in the season. $35.2 million in available cap space with New England. Also, keep in mind they just traded away their starting center to the Bears for a mid-round pick. I believe it was a fourth or a fifth with Garrett Bradbury. >> Yep. >> It that signals to me we want to open up the checkbook because we are trying to make a big-time acquisition. And to me, AJ Brown is as big of an acquisition as they can get because as we saw in the Super Bowl, hey, guess what? Yeah, the offensive line was an issue. They're going to have to correct long term, but having a wide receiver that, you know, can beat press man on a consistent down basis is what this offense needs. >> Yeah. And there's other teams that could be interested in AJ Brown. I think like again, the Chargers have been floated out there as a potential team. You think of those teams that need an immediate number one. The San Francisco 49ers are

14th in cap space. They could go after AJ Brown. I doubt he would want to go back to Tennessee, but they do have all the cap space to make that happen and they have some high draft capital in the future. The Raiders now have two first round picks. I doubt they would give up 14 for him. Uh the Browns probably not in a cap position to do it. So, there's a lot of suitors for AJ Brown. I'm sure it's more than just the Patriots and the Chargers that have inquired about him, but I do think the Patriots because of Mike Rabel being there and the fact that they've there's already so much smoke about him wanting to go to the Patriots and the fact that they've done their due diligence. It sounds like that's where he would go if he gets traded. Brian Thomas Jr. Um, Steelers, Patriots, Browns, Panthers, all these teams have been rumored to be in on Brian Thomas Jr., we let's include him, too. Uh, a very acceptable answer if you guys want to keep it that way is Brian Thomas Jr.

stays in Jacksonville. But if you want to predict a trade, um, let's let's do that. So, Brian Thomas Jr., if you had to say kind of like gun to your head right now, who who is he playing for in 2026? >> So, let me clarify. This is they have to start the season on this team, correct? I mean, if they get traded. Yeah, because we're gonna we're not going to go into the season with this to go live. So, yeah, they have to be on he has to be on the roster by like the end of the summer at least. >> I think he's on the Jaguars active roster to start the year, but I'm not precluding them potentially dealing him by the deadline. >> Yeah. No, that's definitely fair. I think there's a lot of smoke around this and I'm kind of worried from BTJ's standpoint. Like maybe he's just not the player we all thought he was after his rookie season. Like maybe there's something mentally going on. Maybe like I don't know. I have no idea what's

going on there. Um, but I'm gonna get gutty. I'm gonna get bold. I think there's a team out there that's gonna be pretty aggressive for Brian Thomas Jr. And there's a team that picks in the range that I think it'll cost for him. I'm gonna send Brian Thomas Jr. to the San Francisco 49ers for pick 27. I see. >> Um, I think the 49ers will feel, hey, we're a good team. We're a good coaching staff. We'll get the best out of this player. He fits our offense in the pseudo Brandon Ike role more so than I guess what he fits the Jaguars offense. So, you're going to roll officially with him staying in Jacksonville, which I would assume is the betting favorite if we had to talk about it. Um, but I'll get a little bit gutsy here and go with he goes to the San Francisco 49ers for a first round pick or whatever they want to trade for him. Um, >> I like it. >> Yeah, it's a lot of fun. Um, and then Brandon Iayuk, who I just mentioned, um,

he's expected to be cut. I think neither of us are expecting him to go to the San Francisco 49ers or be on the San Francisco 49ers. >> The lowhanging fruit is going to Washington um, because Jaden Daniels is there. What is What is your thought process? I also wouldn't rule out like Brandon Iayuk not playing football in 2026 either. >> I mean, do you get a point for saying that? >> I'll get if it happens, I'll I'll count that as two points. >> Fine. I'll make that my gutty prediction already is Brandon Iayuk is not in the NFL this year. There's a lot of smoke right now. It's reminding me a lot of the Trayvon Dig situation where he hurts his knee. There's a lot going on behind the scenes. Maybe the team versus player relationship got deteriorated. Players kind of like, "Fuck you. I don't want to attack my rehab to the fullest capacity. And now you're probably at a point where is that knee fully the same as it was prior to the ACL injury? That's the

question I had with Trayvon Digs. That's kind of where I'm leaning right now right now with Brandon Iuk. How is he moving in practice? Is he giving full effort? Is there something there mentally that's going on right now? Obviously, we were kind of like joking about it going into the video or uh yeah, go going into this video, but um there was like a meme that he was on IG live like melting an ice cream cone. And the fact that so many people believed it kind of indicates where everybody thinks his mentals are at at this point. >> Yeah, that was a fake report. Just >> it was a fake that was a parody account. But the fact that everyone believed it just goes to show you where Brandon Aayuk's mentals are at at this point. Let's connect some dots here cuz I am going to predict him to play. I've been staunchly kind of buying Brandon Aayuk at his mid rookie second round pick price tag. The the landing spots that make sense, Washington because of Jaden Daniels. I

think that Baltimore would potentially make sense because they just seem like the team that would take a rehabilitation project on somebody like that. He's been connected to Pittsburgh in the past because of him looking like Mike Tomlin's son. Uh and then also to another team that would make sense to me is Tennessee because of Robert Solo's presence there. There's obviously the 49ers connection. I'm gonna go with the lowhanging fruit because I just kind of want to get the point on you considering you predicted him not to participate. So, I'm gonna roll with Washington is the team that takes the chance on Brandon Iayuk. They have fourth most I believe in the NFL in cap space. They have the number to be able to bring him in on a one-year 8 million or one year $10 million deal or whatever he ends up signing for. >> Yeah, this is very Antonio Brownie to me if I'm going to be perfectly frank. Um, I guess we could also just like assign this one because it's already basically

happened. I would be very shocked if this player wasn't on this team going forward. Uh George Pickkins, he's going to be back with the Dallas Cowboys. I don't see any way, oh yeah, you know, they tag and trade him. No, he's going to be on the Cowboys. He's going to play with Dak Prescott, play with CD Lamb in the offense in 2026, and we'll see if he's back in 2027 on on a long-term deal. >> Uh similarly, I would say if he's on a different team, I would give them two points for predicting what team it is because him getting traded would be a pretty unlikely scenario in my opinion. But if he got traded and someone predicted the exact team that trades for him, I'd give you two points if you properly predict that if you're scoring at home. >> So the way I I will put it out here and like what I'll explain with George Pickkins when he was leaving the Steelers, sounds like the Cowboys were basically bidding against themselves. They ended up getting him for a third

round pick. People were saying at the time, "Oh yeah, George Pickins get traded for a second. They end up getting a third round pick." The team that took the chance with him ended up seeing him become a 1400 plus yard receiver. Do you think they're just going to give him up for anything less than a firstrounder? And by the sounds of it, doesn't even sound like that's going to be offered. So, it's like, >> yeah, but >> I have a hard time seeing it. >> If they're if someone's really desperate, the Patriots, the Raiders, the Titans, some of those teams, like maybe they would they would go and and send a one the Cowboys way, but we know that the Cowboys every single year have a star player who's holding out. And we all know that Jerry Jones is probably paying George Pickkins under the table to hold out so that they stay in the news because it was Lamb, it was Dak, it was Parsons that every year it's a it's a foregone conclusion. and a Cowboys

player needs to be holding out. >> Simply put, just keep your 25-year-old allpro wide receiver. Yes, George Pickkins was a second team all pro this year. Just keep them. >> Yeah, Danny called him elite before the season. He was elite last year. So, let's talk about the the guys that actually are hitting the market. So, those were like the trade candidates, the cut candidates, and obviously the guy who was franchise tagged in George Pickkins. Alec Pierce is the number one big name that is going to hit the free agent market because the Colts decided to use the transition tag on Daniel Jones instead of using it on Alec Pierce, which I thought a lot of people were expecting them to do. Um, we've heard reports that maybe they would sacrifice Michael Pitman in order to bring back Alec Pierce, but it also I've heard reports saying that Alec Pierce does not want to come back unless Daniel Jones was his quarterback locked up on a long-term deal. He doesn't want to resign with Indianapolis knowing that

there could be some quarterback uncertainty. And I did hear him say too, like it would be fun to test the market and see what I can get on the open market. So, let's try and figure out the Alec Pierce landing spot. In terms of financials, the teams that are in need of a w a wide receiver one or a wide receiver two, which is what I think Alec Pierce would represent for most of these teams. The Patriots are 10th in cap space. He's been heavily linked to the Patriots. 49ers are 14th in cap space. The Titans third in cap space. The Raiders first in cap space after the Max Crosby trade. And then when we move down like the Browns don't really have the money I would say to sign Alec Beers. The Commanders fourth in cap space, the Seahawks sixth in cap space, the Steelers seventh in cap space, Saints 17th in cap space, Giants 15th in cap space, Falcons and Jets both inside the top 18 in cap space with the Jets at five. So any one of those teams reasonably could go after Alec Pierce.

What is your thought on like who would actually pull the trigger on him? So, if we're allowed to pair two two players to one team, it would be the ultimate hedge to just say, "Oh, yeah, Alec Pierce is going to the Patriots." Because I think their solution is either going to be AJ Brown or Alec Pierce. But for the honesty of the exercise, we'll just say that the Patriots are used for both of us in this instance because I think like to put it bluntly, we could just guarantee a point between those two players. Um, with that being said, I'm looking at the Raiders as a potential spot. Obviously, Mendoza's success with a guy like Charlie Becker. Charlie Becker famously being compared to Alec Pierce would be, you know, great for Alec Pierce. Hey, you get a bag, you go live to Las Vegas, go work with Kubak, go work with Tom Brady, and you have a number one overall pick quarterback coming in. I think that would make a ton of sense for a landing spot. I'm kind of leaning that way, too. I I

think Alec Pierce is being talked about with the Patriots, being talked about, you know, more like, you know, East Coast type of teams. I think the Raiders just make so much sense from a football perspective. So, I think that's actually where I'm going to lean is Alec Beers going to the Raiders. Um the the the one that's really stopping me right now though is what if the Colts cut Alec or Michael Pitman Jr. and bring him back. That's the only thing that I have a hangup with is if the Colts really want to keep Alec Pierce. Michael Pitman is scheduled to make $29 million this year with only a $4 million uh dead cap on it. If they said, "Hey, at this point in their careers, we prefer Alec Pierce to Michael Pitman." They could wave Michael Pitman, take only on four million dead cap, and just bring back Alec Pierce. Would they do that though, knowing what Michael Pitman means in that locker room? I'm going to go Pierce to the Raiders. >> Okay, Pierce to the Raiders. I'll lock

that in for you. I'm like kind of looking at this as like who's the team that is the desperate team. Like, who's the team that's going to like really back up a 30 plus million dollar contract to Alec Pierce? because I think the Tennessee Titans would make sense as a team that would definitely throw a bag his way because they could use the receiver help and they have the money. Raiders obviously have the money as well. Commanders have the money. I think they're kind of in a desperate situation as well because they don't really have a solution behind Terry McLaren because Debo Samuels free agent. They don't really they just signed Trayon Burks on a one-year deal. Like they're pretty pretty pretty light at the receiver position behind that. I think that the team that could be one of the more desperate teams to get a receiver solution and every single time a receiver has been available, this team has been mentioned. I am going to go Alec Pierce to the Pittsburgh Steelers

because they are seventh in cap space right now. I do think that like you said kind of an East Coast team makes sense for some reason for Alec Pierce. And um yeah, he's also, you know, let's stretch the field vertically. If Aaron Rogers is back, I think Aaron Rogers is the type of quarterback who's going to go like, "I'll come back if you go sign Alec Pierce or something like that." You know what I mean? Like he'll direct them to do that. >> Yeah. Know, I think that would make sense to you. Um, but again, I really considered a return to the Colts here. Let's just be perfectly clear. And if Pitman does get cut, I'm going to be kicking myself. >> Well, they also like they're the type of team that always likes to resign their own guys, too. So, it wouldn't shock me if they're just like, "We'll make it work. like we'll we'll figure it out somehow and uh let somebody else walk in free agency or cut bait with somebody

else. It's definitely possible he just goes back to Indianapolis, but let's get a little spicy. Let's go Alec Pierce to the Steelers um and then Alec Pierce to the Raiders. Although I do agree with you that both that the Patriots should be the the favorite to land Alec Pierce right now. It's just I assume that the Patriots would prefer to get AJ Brown. And if they can get AJ Brown, if they're willing to give up a one and a three, what's a fourth in 2027 to get you over the ed like if does Howie Roseman say yes to that. If you if you uh if you go, okay, we offered you a one and a three already. What if we give you a conditional four or something in 2027 to push this thing over the edge? I think ultimately AJ Brown gets on the um gets on the Patriots. Let's talk about my favorite player in the history of the sport. Uh Mike Evans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers legend, of course, gets his 1000 yard streak broken this year. His contract projection is anywhere between 15 million a year, two years 30, one

year 15. And for what it's worth, Alec Pierce's projection right now is three years 80. So big big-time money coming his way. I think the obvious choice here is that Mike Evans stays in Tampa Bay. Um that will be what I'm going with. A because I want to root for it and B because I do still think it is the most likely outcome. Um the thing with Mike Evans is he has a very wellestablished charity in Tampa Bay. His two young daughters who both go to school in Tampa Bay probably doesn't want to uproot their lives at the end of his career because he's probably only playing maximum one two more years in the NFL. Anyways, my thought is what Mike Evans is doing is going and seeing what's out there, coming back knowing that this is probably his last chance at NFL money and going, "The Patriots offered me what Godwin got last year or something like that. Can you match that or can you get close to that?" He would probably get offered one year 12 million by the Bucks, but if he goes and tests free

agency, maybe he gets 17, five or 20. So, this is where I'm going to get a little gutty here because again, if the Texans had more cap, I would think that would be a nice lowhanging fruit as well. He's from Houston like like that's well >> his family he grew up an hour from Houston. So, yeah, he he has a house there as well. That would be the other logical landing spot for sure. >> Houston's currently 15 million over the cap right now, which is why I have a hard time believing that they can get under, but you know, that's always, you know, going to be uh a possibility there. the team that I'm looking at and there's reports that apparently they asked uh one of their highest valued players in terms of capit to take a pay cut or potentially leave. They already made um adjustments in terms of potentially making of players available on the block. What are the 49ers trying to clear cap for? >> And I think the 49ers >> 49ers make sense. And I mean the other

team that makes a lot of sense just connections wise is Tom Brady runs the Raiders. So the other one that makes sense is him going to Las Vegas. And Las Vegas is also not very far from Houston. um like it's drivable distance, so it's possible that he would be, you know, near his family and that kind of thing. So, to me, if I had to say like what are the three most likely landing spots, it's number one, Tampa, number two, Houston, as far as like his preference would be, and then number three Las Vegas. But, uh yeah, the the 49ers definitely make some sense if he wants to like we heard that he wants to go to a competitive team that has a chance to win, that has a good quarterback, where he could be a featured target. If you upgrade quote unquote from Jawan Jennings's role into Mike Evans, it would make a lot of sense. So yeah, I think the 49ers would make sense, too. Again, ultimately I want him to come back to Tampa Bay, but I think those are like those Bay Area teams or former Bay

Area teams with the Raiders and 49ers, I would say, are probably the the two favorites now that Buffalo um went and got DJ Moore and the Patriots seem to be ear focused on Pierce and AJ Brown. Yeah, because the 49ers currently have about 23 million in available cap, but if they do move off of Trent Williams immediately, that's a $39 million cap hit that would be off the books or potentially they get him on a restructured type of deal that will eliminate that uh that capit. >> Jennings is as good as gone based on all reports as well. >> Um, sounds like Fred Warner has been available in trade talks as well. I've noticed there was been there's been reports on that. Like again, I just keep coming back to the fact what are they clearing money for? like they must want a guy on the free agency cycle and I think that guy would be a Mike Evans. You can get a Mike Evans on a two-year or $42 million deal or something like that. I think that'd be enough to sway him. And I also think that he could view

San Francisco as a team that he could truly go for the N or the NFL championship, the Super Bowl with. >> Yeah, like I said, from Mike Evans's perspective, it's got to be a perfect fit for him or else he's not leaving. He's going to stay unless it's an absolutely perfect fit. go. The money is there and I think two years 42 million would be probably way more than I would estimate him to get, but the money would be there. Um, if that happened and like you said, it would have to be a team that he probably assumes has like a full tier discrepancy of level of contender than the Tampa Bay Bucks who he's built his entire career with, probably wants to retire a buck, all that kind of thing. So again, I think he's going to come back to Tampa Bay ultimately. I think it's a leverage move that he's trying to do, but it's very possible he leaves for the Raiders or the 49ers or maybe the Ravens even would make sense because of the uh you know quarterback

that they have. They just traded for Max Crosby as well. They need a number two wide receiver. That would be another team that I would maybe throw out as a nice shout out. You mentioned what are the 49ers clearing cap space for. Uh the answer in my opinion is Romeo Dobs. That's where Romeo Dobs. I think that Romeo Dobs is going to San Francisco. I think that they view him as a younger less well probably not less expensive. They'll probably be about the same price on the open market. I think that their pivot from letting Jennings walk is to sign Romeo Dobs and put him in Jennings role. >> Yeah. I mean I just I guess I don't see the utility there. It's like if you're going to let Jennings walk, why are you just sending a comparable player that's probably going to cost more? Like I that would be my >> I wouldn't be shocked if Jennings gets similar cash to what uh what Dobs gets to be honest. >> Yeah. I I just think they're they're very comparable. So, like if you're

letting Jennings walk, would you really go the exact same pretty much direction? Fair enough. Um, where do I have Romeo Dobs going? I think the Giants would make sense. They want more of an outside wide receiver. Potentially bringing a likely as well. We'll get to that in the tight end section. You would have more 12 personnel versatility having a true X- wide receiver as opposed to a Wondale Robinson there. You could go that direction with the Giants. Um, I think I've been a leaned Let me Let me Let me check this team's depth chart. Sorry. Give me one second. I'm I'm very >> Okay, I'll keep going here because I actually paired Romeo Dobs and Brian Thomas both to the San Francisco 49ers in this exercise. And I mean, maybe they get one, maybe they get neither. I think that one of those two players will be on the 49ers. So, I'm playing the hedging game. And I I think that if they don't get Brian Thomas Jr., if he's not available or something like that, then

they will get Romeo Dos. That's kind of why I'm I'm I'm picking both of them to go there, but they could actually go after both as well. >> Yeah. And I'm I'm actually going to do it. You had Brennan Auk going to the Commanders. I'm actually going to have Romeo Dobs going to the Commanders here. I just think it makes sense in terms of what they're trying to spend at wide receiver in terms of a vertical wide receiver that can win at the catch point. You have Jaden Daniels. You have potentially a strong ground game depending on what you do at seven overall. Um, like if they get a Jeremiah Love, if they maybe draft a running back on day two, I think long-term Washington wants to be a play action shot-based offense. And I do think Romeo Dobs and Terry McLaren could be a good duo for that. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. So, let's let's quick do a tally of teams that we haven't really talked about yet, just to make sure we're not missing anybody. So,

Bills, we think they're going in the draft. Patriots, we think they're going big game hunting after AJ Brown or Alec Pierce. 49ers, we already talked about. Tennessee Titans we haven't mentioned, but I do think um they're more likely to spend their money on them and at running back in my opinion as opposed to going I think they would go after Alec Pierce, but I don't think outside of Alec Pierce they'll be really spending a lot of money at wide receiver personally and we'll talk about it in a second. >> Well, let's just get get it get to it. We we alluded to it, but I mean Well Robinson's a Tennessee Titans. Yeah, their offensive coordinator is Brian Dal who just saw Wand Del Robinson to his best two seasons of his career in back-to-back seasons. Yeah, I think if the Titans go after a wide receiver, it's probably Wandell Robinson. And I would probably put this in pen. >> Yeah, I think it's pretty simple. They have a bag to spend. Wandell's probably

going to get, like you said, probably like four by 70 or something outrageous like that. And a team that >> Christian Kirk's contract feels like what he'll get. >> Yeah. And I mean, you know, you got Alec Manor, big body wide receiver. Gushimir DK more so a special teams guy but a guy that's more of a big play guy. You get your true slot wide receiver battle at that wide receiver core to be honest. >> Yeah, honestly if I was them I would go after a true true big time fish but it just feels to me that they will be the fish that sign Wandale. >> Yeah, like I would rather trade you know a pick for Brian Thomas Jr. or, you know, I mean, they could sign Wandell and then also take >> an offensive weapon of some kind at four, like they take Jeremiah Love at four, they take Carnell Tate or something at four. I could see them doing that. Uh, Raiders, we mentioned, I think now that they have pick 14, it's probably very likely that they're going to go the draft route as far as the wide

receiver position, unless they get Alec Pierce or Mike Evans. Those are the two guys that I think make sense. Cleveland Browns, they don't have the money really to go after these big-time wide receivers. I think they're probably going in the draft for the wide receiver position. And then getting into this like needs an immediate number two wide receiver. We talked about the Cowboys already. We talked about the Commanders already. I mentioned the Steelers as one of these teams. We'll probably talk about them more. We haven't really mentioned Saints, Dolphins, Giants, Jets, Falcons, or or even a little bit of the Ravens. So, keep those teams in mind. Jawan Jennings, where are we thinking for him? >> So, it's going to be a team that needs a number two wide receiver, like you said, probably more of a possession based offense, a guy that can contribute after the catch. >> Schematically, the Dolphins would fit the Sloic kind of scheme. Uh, the Falcons run a Stfansky scheme would also

fit as well. Um, New Orleans with Kell Moore could use some bodies and definitely some size in that receiving core. I think the team that makes the most sense to me is probably the Baltimore Ravens, I would say, as far as like he would fit their offense pretty well, but they also don't really have a ton of space to sign somebody. They're 31st in half space right now with minus 10 million. I think ideally they'd like to sign him, but I just don't think that they have the money to pull that off. So, >> I'm uh I'm going to go I'm going to go Saints. I think that that's where Jawan Jennings ends up. I think that he could he could give that receiving CP some life. And they're also in a position right now with a really young quarterback or not a really young quarterback, a really cheap quarterback in Tyler Shuck. you have some money that you can throw to build around him >> just because it would almost fit this team to like a tea in terms of narrative

like the oh wide receiver that people that's going to get money but do people really rate that highly versus the team that just desperately needs a wide receiver that does gross things in the past like >> this almost feels like the this feels like the Steelers spot. >> Steelers. Yeah. Okay. I I already used them for Alec Pierce, so that's why I didn't go in that direction. The other one I was considering was the Jets as well. Like Saints and Jets. To me, that would make sense that either of those two teams would be after Jawan Jennings. And like Jennings could get like the contract projection for him is up there. It's three years 67 million. We're talking like 12 13 or sorry 22 23 million per year that they're talking about for Jawan Jennings. And I don't blame him for leaving San Francisco because there's no way San Francisco would pay him that. >> The Steelers doing that without a long-term quarterback solution would just be like to a tea. They're like also

the team that's always like they're the most expensive offense in the NFL or whatever. You know, they're always like on that graphic where they on the offensive or defensive side of the ball. Um, okay. So, we have a number of these guys fitted up here. Let's talk about some more like deeper names, guys that um are going to be more niche fits and these are going to be harder to predict obviously because we've also, you know, used a lot of these landing spots. Rasheed Shahid uh Seattle Seahawks obviously he's got some punt return, kick return appeal as well. Um, we haven't really talked much about the Ravens, uh, the Dolphins, the Giants, uh, the Jets, Falcons as well. I mean, the Seahawks could resign him. They have the money to >> New York Giant. >> New York Giants. >> New York. Okay. Anything other than just vibes or >> uh, well, I mean, you got the speed element there. You got the return appeal as well. Um, you got a guy that can basically work vertically, especially

with what they're trying to do on offense. John Harbaugh's a special teams coach by trade, so that that would add up. >> And who's who's their offense coordinator, Cory? >> Uh, who is their offensive coordinator? I'm blanking. >> I'll give you a hint. His last name um is another word for like complain. >> Oh, Matt Naggie. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay. All right. I mean, that makes sense. >> And there's one thing that the Kansas City Chiefs always had on offense. >> Yeah. They always had speed. Um, okay. Let me figure this out here because I'm trying to I'm trying to map out connections and whatnot for Rashid Jied. I feel like he did a lot of damage against the Falcons in his career. >> That one sticks out to me. They could use the speed. They could use the return ability. They also like Shahed is not a number one or a number two even as far as like volume is concerned, but you kind of want him involved in your game

plan and in your offense. So, I'm actually going to go Rasheed Shahed. Do they have money? Let me take a look. Do they have money? >> Well, I was gonna say the other potential lowhanging fruit here is of course Kubak going to the Raiders and that's exactly who he worked with. >> Yeah, I just think that the I don't think that's a bad call by any means. I just think that the the Raiders are going to go the draft route and spend high capital on a wide receiver. They also they they have B still. They have some guys that they might believe in. I I think that's another easy one though. I didn't actually put anybody to the Raiders yet. >> Yeah. And maybe I'd appear to the Raiders because I just think it it's just so stylistically similar to Becker and obviously you want Mendoza to feel comfortable. >> Yeah. You know what I feel like Brady also every time I picture a Seattle Seahawks game I feel like Brady was on the call for it as well. Like so I'm

going to go I'm going to go Raiders. Raiders. You gave me a gimme there. >> That's what I was going to say. Hey if if that actually happens I gave you the point. >> Well I gave you the point yesterday with James Connor to the Lions. So um what about Tyreek? What the hell do we do? I So I heard people be like, "He's not worth the headache." Like I've heard people say that's their opinion of Tyreek Hill. Like it wouldn't shock me if he's not signed until August or September. >> Should we just flip where it's like I I had DNP for Brandon Aayuk, you had the Commanders and then I have Tyreek Hill to the Commanders. >> So >> yeah, I mean if we set like a soft time limit of week one as like they have to be on a roster by week one or something like that. It wouldn't shock me if Tyreek goes into the season without being on a roster because of the whole medical of it all as well. >> Really here like does any team fit the

bill for Tyreek Hill? >> Steelers. >> Yeah, I could see that. I mean, he almost signed with the Jets or got traded to the Jets when the Dolphins traded for him. >> If they're like a young team trying to get the culture right, are they really going to do that? >> I don't I mean, they're also a dumb team. >> That's a good point. [ __ ] Browns to pair with Deshawn Watson. >> Do we have any connection with Tyrese? Is there anything? Do we have any connection? >> I mean I mean the Giants >> Naggie is on the Giants. Yeah. >> Yeah. Um I compound injury. We saw basically the similar injury to Tank Dell. He was not even remotely a factor at all last year for obvious reasons. But like are people going to just have Tyreek Hill on the roster just to have him on? When's he going to play? When's he actually going to make his substantial impact? I know he's I'm leading the DNP before week one DNP. So as so to qualify for DNP by like

the week one of the season, he's not on a roster. >> Yeah, that's where I'm signed to somebody in week four and you'd still get the credit for it. >> Yeah. He almost feels like a guy that like they'll have a try out with in season. See how the [ __ ] knee looks and if he looks good, there'll be like a >> Odell Beckham at the end of his career kind >> That's a good comp. Like an Odell Beckham type. >> Okay. What do you you want to go DMP? >> I'll go DNP. I'll go DMP if it's just ro roster week one. >> I have one I have one connection here. He is um from uh Georgia. So I I'll put him to the Falcons. >> I'll put the Falcons just on the pure basis that at the end of his career maybe he wants to go closer to home. We'll go Falcons. They could use a receiver of his skill set too if they and I almost put Shahed there. So they're similar skill set receivers. Um Debo Samuel, what do you want to do with

him? So, I was going to say if I didn't have Jennings to the Steelers, I think this would be a Steelers spot. Um, >> I got there's two. I mean, we I put Did anyone put someone to the So, the Ravens stick out as a a potential fit for Debo Samuel because they're kind of all in now with the Max Crosby. >> They always get guys like this. >> They always get guys like this. They don't really have a lot of money. I don't think Debo would cost that much money as well. so over the cap or it's like >> I know you could also you could also throw Debo on like the like the Broncos or the Seahawks or the Rams or the Eagles or one of those like needs a doesn't really need a receiver that bad type of teams. Um this one's hard to figure out. The guys that the teams that I have not paired somebody with yet are the Ravens, the Dolphins, um the Jets. I kind >> Yeah, the Jets kind of make sense. >> Like it it feels like Oh my god. Wait, the Jets just gave Debo Samuel two years

$42 million. Like what? >> Oh, that would be disgusting. I'm I'm going to put him on the Ravens. I think Debo probably wants to win. Um he'll take a one-year prove it deal to go to the Ravens. That's where I'm going to put him. >> Yeah. I mean, if he's willing to play on the minimum, that makes sense. >> I don't know. Like, he he didn't really make that much money with Washington last year, and he might be thinking, "Hey, this is my last chance to cash out or something." I don't know. There's a lot of different fits there. You could also go the >> How much did he make last year? >> I'm changing I'm changing my answer. I got a better answer. >> Uh for Debo? >> Yeah, I'm putting him on Miami. >> Interesting. Also, >> Miamiy's got Bobby Slo. Bobby Sloick was once the once a a member of the 49ers coaching staff. So, I'll I'll roll with Bobby Sloick there. >> By the way, Debo made 18 million last

year. >> Yeah. So, what are you thinking for Debo? >> Yeah, I'll go Jets. We'll go AFC East Rivals. >> Sounds good. >> Uh, IU was my bonus pick, I believe, >> in terms of the sheet. >> No, we counted IUK officially. >> I added the the trade targets. I was going to do Oh, we could pick a trade target and we could do those as bonus picks, but then when I put AJ Brown on here, I figured we should include BTJ Brandon. >> Oh, fair enough. Okay. All right. Fair enough. It was that. >> Okay. Darn Mooney is the last guy. He just was cut by the Atlanta Falcons. injury riddled season last year, but two years ago he was pretty good. >> New Orleans Saint. >> New Orleans Saints. Okay. Yeah, just to use him up, I guess. >> Well, I mean, like they traded away uh Rashiji Heat at the deadline. They just try to get their Rashi Heat 2.0 for cheap on the free agency market. >> Yeah, this feels like the Jet to me. I'll put him on the Jets.

>> Woo, I like it. >> That feels like the Jets would make a move like that. Um, all right, bonus picks. So, a reminder, we can choose from any of these guys. So, a trade target we didn't talk about, like maybe there's a guy that you think is a surprise trade target, maybe there's a surprise cut candidate, or you can choose from any of the remaining free agents um on this list. So, the remaining wide receiver free agents, Christian Kirk, Maris Brown, Jaylen Naylor, Calvin Austin, Keenan Allen, Jan Dodson, Kendrick Bourne, any of those guys? And then if there's any other cut candidates that you're like, "Yeah, I could see them getting cut and going to this team or getting traded or whatever." I'm thinking um I'm probably leaning the trade route because it's like you're literally picking what Neil's on the hay stack these other guys >> like who's a who's another real >> I mean so Calvin Ridley is a potential

cut candidate as well >> or trade candidate if they could find a trade partner for him >> that's like really the only guy that I had in that initial video I did where I talked about trade and cut candidates that hasn't already been cut because IU Tyreek Hill and AJ Brown and those guys were already talked about in that video. So Ridley is the only one that sticks out to me as like he's probably getting cut kind of thing. >> And you'll probably get like $10 million probably. >> You could talk about Pitman if you if you think he gets cut as well. >> I just don't know where he would go. That's the only thing. >> Or traded potentially. >> Yeah. And I already had Alec Pierce leaving. You know what I'm actually going to do? And this is this is low hanging fruit admittedly, but I didn't have this team paired with anybody if I'm not mistaken. I don't think I did. No, I did not. >> Are you gonna put Hollywood back to the

Ravens? >> No. If it's two points, uh, you're on the right track though. It it is a guy that you mentioned. It's Ridley back to the Falcons. >> Ridley back to the Falcons. Okay. >> Like they have like 17 million in cap. Uh you have pits on the on the tag right now. Um >> he would probably play pay uh like if he got cut or traded, he would probably play on like the vet minimum or borderline close to it or something like that. >> And who who's the uh I believe VP of operations right now for Atlanta? >> Not Ryan. >> Yeah. >> Or I think his official title is president of football. >> Yes. >> Which is hilarious. whatever his title is, he is familiar with Mr. Ridley. >> Yeah, I'm going to go for a wide receiver three pairing and kind of just see if I can shoot one up the gap here. Uh, and go for a base hit. >> All right, Christian Kirk, Maris Brown, Jaylen Naylor, Calvin Austin, Keenan Allen, Jan Dodson, Kendrick Bourne.

>> Um, let's go. I don't I'm not giving myself two points for like getting Keenan Allen back to the Chargers or something like that's too low hanging fruit in my opinion. They got to like change teams or something. Yeah, we gota we gota go for spice. >> Let's go. Uh Christian Kirk goes back to the Arizona Cardinals. >> Okay, I I'll give you that. >> He hasn't played. >> That's like the similar realm of like Ridley to the Falcons. I'll give you that. >> Yeah, go Christian Kirk goes back to the Cardinals as their wide receiver three. They don't really have much behind uh Michael Wilson and Marvin Harrison Jr. there. So that is >> they need that the wide receiver position. Want to pivot over to the tight ends here. go obviously a lot faster with these because there are less tight ends to talk about. But new tier list, these are guys that need an immediate starter. We have all those tight end teams listed. Some guys have

like players who are leaving in free agency. Like the Eagles, for example, could lose Dallas Goddard. The Chiefs could lose Travis Kelce either to retirement or whatever. And then Kyle Pitts, we can just stamp him on the franchise tech. He's going back to the Falcons. So, that one knocks out one of those teams. The best available tight ends in free agency. Um, I don't think there's really any tight ends that stick out as like trade candidates to me. Like the ones I would have said were like John Smith potentially who just got cut by the Steelers. Maybe Mark Andrews is a trade candidate, but they also just resigned him. Maybe T.J. Hawinson would be a trade candidate as well. Um before we talk about the actual free agents, there anybody that sticks out to you as like that's a trade candidate. >> Um other than Andrews and Hawinson, maybe Henry or something like that. Like like Michael Mayer's a a promising one, but like realistically I genuinely just view the Raiders as seeing well Mayor's our

inline guy, Bowowers F. Like I I just don't I don't think the Raiders view it as oh we need to trade him years ago if they wanted to trade him. >> Yeah, because like you would have maximized value at this point now. What is Mayor's value? You might get like a fourth for him. >> I think the Dolphins like the Dolphins were reportedly really after Mayor last off seasonason. I bet they offered at least a three for him. >> Yeah, I could see it. Um but yeah, no, tight end is a very weird position. Um the most random options are the ones that going to be traded. Like the backup blocking tight ends are probably the ones that going to be dealt for like sixth and seventh rounders. >> Yeah, something will get traded. Um okay, let's talk about the best available in my opinion, the best available passcatching for fantasy purposes tight end is Isaiah likely. Um >> yeah, with pits on the tag >> with pits on the tag to the Falcons. I think he's going to play with Atlanta.

Where does Isaiah likely go as far as like who could afford him? Like the Bucks are in decent shape cap space-wise. The Broncos are in I think okay shape cap space-wise. Yeah, they're 16th in the cap. Um there's a bunch of teams here that could use a guy like Isaiah Likely, but Isaiah Likely is also the type of tight end where you don't know how to use him if you're like just going to throw him into your offense kind of thing. So there's a couple of teams that stick out to me as like they would actually know how to use him. I think that the Broncos could use him well. I think that uh the Titans could use him pretty well and I think that the Dolphins could use him pretty well. >> Yeah. And I'm gonna go for none of those landing spots because the one that really sticks out to me, they have their wide tight end. And again, I I have to say this fundamentally maybe where the NFL views tight ends versus where the fantasy landscape views tight ends. We might be viewing a guy like, you know,

Theo Johnson as safe, but ultimately he doesn't play the same position as Isaiah Likely according to NFL executives. He's your wide tight end. He's your inline guy. And I do think the Giants get aggressive and get Isaiah likely. I think they're going to view it as, hey, >> that much money for a guy who's their second tight end. >> Well, that's the thing. Like, I don't think they view it as a second tight end. I think they view it as, wow, we have such a strong 12 personnel foundation here. >> Especially who is their main slot receiver. >> And we could lo use it like Andrews and likely. And um I'm trying to see. So, I had Shahed going to the Giants. So you would now have an offense when Malik Neighbors is healthy of Shahida Neighbors on the outside stretching the field likely dominating your slot and Theo Johnson being your inline guy. I I could make that work. >> Yeah, I I think that's a pretty fair assessment of what the Giants could be

thinking. That's the lowhanging fruit obviously because John Harbaugh is there. I don't think they're going to spend like as much as I think they would like to have Isaiah Likely, I think Isaiah Likely is going to make too much money to the point that they're not going to want to spend that on that role. So, I am going to go in the direction of the team that has some of the most money in the NFL, the team that needs to surround their young quarterback with weapons. I am going to say that the Tennessee Titans are the team that goes out and gets Isaiah likely to a big contract. They also don't have like a number one receiver or anything. So, they're the type of team that I kind of want this to happen to because they could, you know, likely could be a big part of their offense. >> Well, and similar to like what I said with Theo Johnson is like, you know, people in the fantasy space might be like, well, Gunner Holm looked good last year. It was like, well, Gunner Helm

plays a different position to Isaiah Likely. It should be perfectly clear. >> Yeah. Yeah. If they go out and spend on Isaiah likely, it's probably more like, hey, we want to use him in a specific role. Gunner Helm probably our inline guy or something. So, likely is a hard one to figure out because I think you go, okay, well, like the Broncos have used a guy like this before, but I actually think the Broncos would be more likely to go after a more traditional tight end because they've had a guy like Evan Ingram. And then you could also talk about the Dolphins as well. They would also be a good fit for Isaiah likely, too. But I don't know if they're going to want to spend a lot of money because they don't really have a lot of money. So the Titans to me are like one of the few suitors where I go that makes perfect sense. They they could definitely go after Isaiah likely for for a number of different reasons. Let's talk about uh David and Jooku who has a couple of different fits. I mean his

easy one for me. >> His old coach is in Atlanta, but they have Kyle Pitts on the tag. They also uh his old quarterback is in Tampa Bay um with Baker Mayfield and we might lose Kate Uton. So that makes a lot of sense to me as well. Um, what are you thinking here for David Jooku? >> I hate to say it. This a Philadelphia Eagle. >> Philadelphia Eagles. Why? >> He's been on such a losing team for so long. I think he probably ac accepts about 80% of his market of value coming off an injured year and he wants to join a contender and this can be a team that's probably going to be priced out of Dallas Goddard. It's probably going to deal AJ Brown. You get a tight end that can both play in line as well as play in the slot. Like I just think from both sides they fit each other to a te. Yeah. Yeah. I think that makes sense. I My question for the Eagles would be why would you not just pay Dallas Goddard then? Like he already is being >> It would be because you're getting a

discount on Injoku relative because I think >> Dallas probably gets more money maybe or something like that. >> Yeah, that's kind of where I'm at with it. I think Goddard's going to get paid. And honestly, I think spoiler alert, we'll talk about him in a second, but I I wouldn't be shocked if you guys were in that running too. >> Uh for God. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I think it's possible. We like Tampa Bay's got 11 million in cap space. Um, we don't really have a ton of guys to resign, but we do I'm assuming all hands on deck is to try and get 13 to stay. So, I I don't see them going after a high price tight end. I actually think they'd be more likely to go after Injoku than they would be Goddard because I think Injoku will get less money due to the injury discount or even too like the Bucks could even go kind of dumpster dive for like a Chicka Conqua or a Jonnu Smith or a Noah Fant or something like that and try and get an even cheaper

option. I'm going to put David and Jooku to uh a team that I think probably doesn't want the type of tight end that they had before. Um but they want athleticism. So I'm going to put David and Jooku on the Miami Dolphins. Um because again I don't think the Dolphins have a lot of money and also I think David and Jooko will be like a one-year $5 million type of signing. I'd be maybe I'll be shocked and David and Jooko get a lot of money. I just don't think he will. I think it's possible that he gets like the he's not one of the first tight ends to sign. like a bunch of tight ends start signing and David and Jooku's kind of holding out, holding out, holding out for something better and the landing spots kind of get, you know, mopped up and he goes, I guess I'll go to the Dolphins on a one-year deal. >> Yeah. No, I think that would make sense. Um, we are now on Dallas Goddard. I might need a second to think about this one because I think he could go

literally anywhere. I think he's just going after some money. >> Yeah. Um, so Goddard, the Eagles, it sounds like, don't want to bring him back, so we can maybe rule them out. I am gonna put him to Denver because I just don't really know what else to do with him otherwise. And I think the Broncos of all the teams in the NFL might have the biggest tight end need. Um, and Goddard's like a veteran. They they are like a competitive team. They probably want a guy who's experienced, that kind of thing. So, I I'll roll with Denver as because I don't really know what to do with Dallas Goddard, to be honest. I'm thinking about a team that currently employs a former Eagle tight end that could steal them in the division and that's the Washington Commanders. >> Yeah, that's where I'm leaning. >> Commanders, that's not bad. >> They have the fourth most cap space, 83 million. You bring in Romeo Dos. Obviously, you have Terry McLaren there.

Dallas Garden Benson that I think is a good tight end core. Realistically, it's like, yeah, like Zack Z hasn't showed any plans to retire this and that, but like are you really gonna rely upon Zack Z coming off of an ACL injury last year? >> Yeah. Yeah. No, that's fair. I I I didn't pick them because that's where I think Kate's going. >> So, that's why and not he didn't >> University of Washington. >> Yeah. But that's not in Washington, Maryland, obviously. So, >> it's not the same area, but he just maybe it's the Udub uh you know, college acumen. I just think because they have Sinnate and because Z is coming off of the major injury, they want someone to be their inline tight end and they'll see what they can do with Sinnate in the other role. So Kate and not that Goddard can't do that. I think he definitely could. I just I think they might want to go a little younger. So I'll go with K into the Commanders.

>> I think he's going to get surprisingly more than people think too. Like I I think he'll price himself out of Tampa Bay and I personally do not want to pay him. I think it's a good tight end class. There's cheap tight ends that you can I would much rather have a third round tight end in Johnu Smith or a third round tight end and Chica Conqueror or Noah Fant than I would pay Kottton a lot of money. >> Yeah. No, I think that makes sense. Um man, Kon's a tough one to get get to a spot. Like the two that I think make the most sense of the ones that I have available are going to be Cincinnati and are going to be Denver. The issue is I think he's going to get more money than maybe what I would expect for Gayon. Like you would think gay on probably going to get nine to10 million. I think he might get like 13 or 14. >> Cincinnati quietly has a lot of money. They're ninth in Cowboys. >> Yeah. If they if they brought him on a short-term deal, it depends like what

he's asking for. That's ultimately the thing. If it's like a two-year deal, I think they can go that direction. >> You also didn't use the Titans yet. They're another team that has >> Gunner Helm though. And like if you're going to sign an inline tight end, like I would prefer my other tight end be more of a move guy. Like to me Kate like Gunner Helm's like a worse Kate Uton is kind of how I view it there. >> That's fair. Um, we don't know what they we don't know what they think of Gunner Helm, though, I guess, would be my point. If they if they're just like, "We need to upgrade positions across the board. Let's just give Kottton a bunch of money." They could do it. >> I'm going to go with Denver because they have a strong offensive line. They obviously prioritize a good ground game. And like you kind of said, stylistically, maybe they're looking for a different type of tight end. And I also don't think signing Kate Odin would

preclude them from taking a Sadi if he fell. >> Yeah, I I think that's definitely fair. Um cuz like because that's the other thing is Sadi Stores and a bunch of all these Max Claire and Justin Jolie and stuff. They're going to fit into these landing spots. >> Yeah. >> My guess is that the teams that are in the like needs a future starter tier are the ones that opt to go in the draft. Like the Patriots because they have Hunter Henry who's older. The Cowboys, Jake Ferguson, final year of guaranteed money. The Ravens, Mark Andrews a little bit older, injury-prone. Saints, Jawan Johnson's up there in age, as is Taesm Hill who's a free agent. TJ Hawinson hasn't really gotten it done since he's been in Minnesota other than that first year. And then Houston gave Daltton Schultz, who would have been in this list, um a one-year extension essentially to stay in Houston there. So, it's hard to figure out where Sadi is going to go because he's going to be

the one that goes in the first round ultimately. Um but Stoers and some of those other guys make sense as well. And I guess ultimately I'm leaning towards uh Stoers being like on the I didn't use what team did I not use? I didn't use the Eagles. I didn't use the Bengals. I didn't use the Chiefs. I didn't use the Bucks yet. Um I think that maybe those teams ought to go in the draft. Well, the other thing too is like uh for teams that brought in more inline guys, it's like that like like I said with Sadique, that also doesn't preclude them to taking to Stoers. Like I don't think any NFL team is looking at Stoers and thinking, "Oh, we're salivating to get this guy blocking in line." Like that's not what you value Stoers for. You value him because he's a freak athlete that can line up in the big slot. >> For sure. Uh let's talk about the final free agent tight end who, in my opinion, has only two options, which is he retires or he's on Kansas City. But you

get a point to say he retires. So Travis Kelce, is he retiring or is he playing with Kansas City? >> He's running into it one more year. >> Even with Mahomes coming off of an ACL, you think that? >> Yeah, cuz I I don't think the Chiefs in terms of a culture have a losers mentality and I think Kelsey's too much of a competitor to go out the way he did last year. >> I am going to pick him to retire. I think he retires. >> Interesting. >> That's my uh Maybe that's a dumb one or the other. >> Maybe it's I mean that's he's not going to a different team. >> Yeah, it's not a dumb decision. I think it's one or the other. I'd put it probably about a 50/50 right now. >> Yeah. So, I'm gonna pick him to retire. You pick him to go to the Chiefs, obviously. Um, okay. Bonuses, uh, to give you an idea of potential cut candidates, just to tell you some maybe other names that could be involved in this or some trade candidates. Um, I

already brought up Hawinson, Andrews, some of those guys who maybe could be available to the right team if they >> just resigned. No. >> Huh? >> Andrew just resigned a new contract. >> He did, but like I still think it's contract is maybe tradable if the Ravens wanted to move off him. The other guys that could be available, Evan Ingram, who I don't think has been officially cut by the Broncos yet, um, but should be available at some point. Uh, there's also John Smith was officially cut by the Steelers. Cole KT maybe becomes available if the Bears want to move off of his contract. Uh, Dawson Knox maybe becomes available if the the Bills want to move off of his contract. Daltton Schultz was extended. Obviously, he's available. And then some of those Rams tight ends like Higgby just got an extension. Maybe they cut bait with Kobe Parkinson, for example. He might become available. Um, what are your thoughts? And then the other free agents were Johnny Smith, Chica Conquo, Noah Fant,

Darren Waller. Um, I could pull up some other guys if you want some more. Uh, >> I should be good. I I got the one that I like here. Um, is this lowhanging fruit? Like, it's worth two points, but I don't know if this is too much of a freebie to say that John Smith goes back to the Dolphins. >> I I I don't think that's low hanging fruit. He sounded pretty frustrated with Miami, to be honest, when he left there. Yeah. by far his best year there >> out of there. >> That's wild to me because he had by far his best career year there and probably got got his most money because of that. >> Yeah, >> I I'll give it to you if it happens. I don't think it's low hanging fruit. >> I'll lean it. He probably liked the city, maybe didn't like the coaching staff and obviously they just completely overhauled it. So like maybe maybe he just said, "Hey, you know what? I'm familiar with the city and I built a lot of value here." Now obviously that can

work conversely where he's like, "Well, the coaching staff that I had my best year with are isn't here." like it could work both ways. But I don't know, man. Like he was so productive for him. I I'm sure ownership definitely likes what he contributed in terms of value over what they were paying him last time he was in Miami that if it was like a one-year $7.5 million year, I think that can get that done. >> So, I'm going to be really disgusting with mine. >> Yep. because I think that this player is actually in the com the competition tier, but I think it's because of how he plays the tight end position and I think they want to pair a traditional blocking tight end with him. So, I'm actually going to pick a blocking tight end for uh my thing here. I am going to go with um I'm trying to think if we have any connections here. Let me just quickly go over this in my head. We're going to go actually no. I'm going to pivot off. I was going to put a blocking tight end of

the Chargers was what I was going to do because I think Aronda Gatson is not suited to be in that role. He was pretty pretty overmatched as far as a blocking tight end. What I'm going to do instead >> is I am going to put a Jason Light special on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Jason Light does not like to go into the NFL draft pigeon hold into taking a certain position. So, what I'm going to do is put a very similar tight end because we already have blocking tight ends with with Pay Durham on the roster. I'm gonna throw Chiga Conquo to the Tampa Bay Bucks. And could they take Sadi in the first round? Yes. But they don't have to take Sadi down. That's what likes to do in the draft. >> You know where I thought you were going to go? >> What? >> Noah Fant. >> Yeah. I I think with all the injuries we had last year, I don't know if Jason Light wants to be taking a player like Noah Fan. >> And for reference, when I started building up the the Dolphins talk,

initially I was going to say Noah Fan. I'm like, wait, Johnny Smith is on this list. I'm going to go that direction instead. like no Noah Fant's going to sign like a one-year $3 million deal somewhere and the whole fantasy industry is going to be like he hasn't broken out. But what if >> I think I'm done I think I'm done with Noah Fant. I I've been I've been on the the hype train for a while. I think I'm officially done with >> I'm just Kyle I'm just glad the Kyle Pitts comparison isn't the Noah Fant at this point anymore. >> Yeah, Kyle Pitts did the Lord's work for the prospect model after the breakout season this year. But anyways, um that is wide receiver free agents, tight end free agents. This will be the last video of such. So, for those of you guys keeping score at home, the way you get the free annual [ __ ] subscription on the site is you participate in all four videos, put your matchmaker together, put your tier list

or your uh landing spots together. If the comment says edit it, we throw it edited, we throw it out. Even if you made a typo, delete the comment and retype it. We're going to check timestamps and all that kind of stuff on let's say, you know, all these guys aren't going to sign right away. It's not like we're going to get a definitive answer to this early next week, but most of them will. So, we'll keep track of who's doing well and whatnot, but we are not going to keep track of yours. You keep track of your own. If you go, "Hey, I've gotten 14 right so far, and Danny and I only have seven, right?" We might call it early if you're just absolutely cooking up dope. So, we will um >> we will keep track of that. And again, be sure to participate down below in the comments. Give us all your wide receiver landing spots. Give us all your tight end landing spots. You guys should be able to see on the screen right now all the players that are qualifying. And you

can do exactly what we did with the bonus picks. doesn't have to be the same tight ends and wide receivers we picked, just any other available tight ends and wide receivers. But you do not get two bonus points for predicting Keenan Allen to go back to the Chargers. Like, give it a mirror test a little bit. It's got to be a little bolder than something like that. So, yeah, check that out. Uh, comment down below any of your thoughts. Like the video if you guys enjoyed. Subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. Um, free agency is going to be kicking off on Monday, so we'll probably be doing some live streams, some videos for that. >> Dad's birthday. >> Yeah, it is Danny's birthday on the first day of free agency. the legal tampering in window on Monday. So, yeah, going to be a lot of fun. Make sure to check out the site for all of your Dynasty rookie content. We'll be updating our Dynasty rankings, of course, as moves take place. So, uh keep

an eye on that. Uh but with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
