Today I'm going to break down how to get more dynasty trades completed. Today I'm going to go through four tips that you guys can use to make more dynasty trades. And then I'm also going to go through a couple of leagues that I'm in, varying team archetypes, one monster, one contender, one house money team, one rebuilder to show you guys exactly what you guys can do to improve your dynasty teams and make better dynasty trades. So, last year we made a more in-depth version of this video with Danny and I both called Make Better Dynasty Trades with the These Seven Tips. So, the tips I'm just going to skim through at the beginning of this video, but if you want a more in-depth back and forth conversation, I'll link that video down below. It's not uh it's a macro game theory video, so it's not really applicable what we're talking about from a player take perspective, but the actual principles remain the same. Principle number one is help your leaguemate. Put yourself in their shoes

when you're sending out a trade offer. A lot of people just think, "What do I need? what is going to help my team? What is going to be the best trade deal for me? You need to think about your leaguemates perspective as well because ultimately I make a lot of dynasty trades. I make a [ __ ] ton and Danny makes a [ __ ] ton as well. And a reason that we are able to do that is because we're not just focused on I need a running back. I don't care what my league mate needs. I'm just going to send out 15 deals across my leagues to try and get running backs. You're going to get less deals done if you have that mentality. But if you reframe things from, okay, I'm evaluating my team. I need a tight end. Okay, I need a tight end. Who in my league has tight end depth? Okay, these two or three teams have tight end depth. This guy could use a wide receiver. Great. I have a lot of wide receivers to offer. They're fully tearing it down. Great. I have an extra 27 first. Perfect. I'll show this a lot

when I go through some of my teams and you'll hear my thought process around it. But ultimately, the principle here is if your league mates are accepting this deal or seeing this deal in their inbox, they are only going to be thinking about one thing. How does it help their team? Do they want to acquire those assets? So, if you're only focused on yourself, you're just going to send offers that your league mates don't give two shits about. So, make sure that when you send out a trade offer, you are helping your league mate in some way. You are putting yourself in their shoes, helping them benefit their team. So, the first two things that you do is evaluate your team. What do you need? But then you also evaluate your leaguemates's team. What might they be interested in? If they're a rebuilding team, it's probably picks. If they're a contending team, it's probably a position of weakness uh production-wise. You can go through that process very easily, which

I'll go through in the second part of this video. Tip number two is make sure you are sending fair offers. Make sure you are sending good offers, maybe even offers that are 10 to 20% more than you would want to send on an initial deal. A lot of people send out bad offers, and then when they don't get any trades done, they go, "Well, they can always counter." Tell me right now if when you get a [ __ ] offer in your inbox, you want to counter it. Because I don't. I want to counter offers that are actually close to what I would actually do. So, in my opinion, in Dynasty, there are five types of trade offers that you might receive or you might be sending out. Number one, fleece deals. Everybody's received these. Everybody's probably sent these at one point. You're trying to get great players for garbage. Never send these offers as few as you possibly can. It ruins trade relationships and people don't want to trade with you. Trade offer type number two, deals that you're winning. You're

winning the trade. Most rational dynasty managers will send out an offer like this as their initial offer, hoping that, hey, maybe I have a little bit more wiggle room here. They can always counter. Number three type of offer, which is the best type of offer, deals that are mutually beneficial. In your gut, you know you're giving up something. You get that feeling in your gut when you send out the offer like I'm taking a moderate risk here. These are the offers that get you a lot more trades done. And again, they're probably 10 20% more than you would ideally like to pay for that player asset. So, if you're trying to send out a deal that is a one for one swap and you know inherently you're winning the deal, throw on that second round pick. Make the deal feel like you're giving up a little bit more than you want to give up because it'll result in you getting a lot more trades done and it'll make your league mate much more likely to accept a deal or work on a counter with you.

Trade type number four is deals that the other person wins. If you send in an offer that you're the clear winner in, chances are they're going to rebuttal with an offer counter with an offer that they are the clear winner in. and nobody gets any trades done, which is probably the case in a lot of your guys' dynasty leagues and why the number one comment that we get on videos like this are, "Nobody trades in my league." Look inside yourself. Maybe you're the problem. Maybe it's the type of offers you're sending out. But of course, sometimes your league mates aren't rational and won't be uh behave rationally. And then number five trade type is the fleece deal in reverse where they are trying to fleece you. This pisses you off. I can't tell you how many times I've sent what I consider to be a fair offer to somebody and they counter back. Yeah, give me Patrick Mahomes and I'll give you the 109. It's annoying. It ruins the trade discussions. I don't want to trade with

people like that. I'm sure you guys have experienced this as well. Tip number three for getting more trade offers done, and this is so underrated in my opinion. Send follow-up messages with your offer. So, be honest. Explain your thought process. I'll give you guys an example. Often, I will send an offer of how I view a leaguemate's team because I've done the evaluation, put myself in their shoes. I look at my team, what I need. Let's say I need a running back. I look at their team. I go, "Okay, they're like seventh, eighth in contending value, and they could use um, you know, some draft capital to help rebuild." I send them my 110 for Josh Jacobs. After sending the deal, I always DM the person explaining my rationale. Why? Because it builds trust. They understand a that I understand their trade perspective, and b they can understand where I'm coming from with the deal. And it might result in us either getting a deal similar to the one I sent done or a different deal

entirely based on the information they give me back. So, in that example, I might tell the person, "Hey, I noticed Josh Jacobs is on your team. You have a deep running back core. If your plan is to try and compete, uh, I don't know, maybe you're gearing towards a rebuild, but if you wanted to sell Josh Shakobs or any of your other competitive assets, I'd be interested. I sent over the 110 in this offer because I figured you might be interested in picks if you're looking to tear things down or something to that effect. I would explain my thought process, exactly what I just went through when I evaluated their team and I evaluated my team and sent the original offer. It's super important when you're doing this to be super honest, super transparent. Don't be rude. Obviously, tell them that their team is dog [ __ ] or something. Just let them know how you view their team in a nice way. Hey, I I was wondering if you're gearing towards a rebuild. I was wondering if you're trying to compete.

Let me know what you think of this offer. Maybe send them multiple offers and say, "Hey, if you're looking to rebuild, this is an offer that might make sense to you. If you're looking to compete, this might uh make sense to you as well. It might get them, especially this time of year. It's April 14th as I'm recording this. A lot of Dynasty managers are not actively looking at their teams daily, actively looking at their league mates teams daily to understand if they can compete or not. They're probably living their real lives, not looking at their teams until near the rookie draft and then closer to the NFL season. This might get them to realize that maybe they cannot compete, take a hard look in the mirror, and maybe decide to rebuild as well. So, there's that effect. that could cause them to to think that you're right potentially and you might get a deal done. Your response is always because inevitably most of the time what they're going to come back with is no, I think I

can compete again. And you say, okay, no worries. Figured I'd inquire or something to that effect. Let me know if anything changes. And let's say week five comes along and they realize they can't compete. You're going to be their first message for that asset because they remembered that you were interested in them and you were honest with them and you were transparent with them. So again, sending follow-up DMs is way more effective and will get way more trades done than just sending out offers blindly with no rationale, no understanding of your leaguemates perspective. If you send out an offer, send them a DM saying why you sent the offer as well. It will result in you either getting that trade done more uh efficiently or it'll result in a different trade based on the information they send back to you. And tip number four is use our site tools. Uh they're free. They're totally free to use. Use the expert average on the site flockfantasy.com. The portfolio my teams

tool. If you're in one league, it'll just show one team, but I'm in a lot of leagues, so it shows a lot of teams. You can click into your specific league, see how you stack up relative to your league mates. You could see your team. You could see where the experts have them. You could now, brand new feature, you could sort as a rebuilder, so it'll value picks and young players higher. You could sort as a contender, so it'll value um older players and their underdog ADP is what it directly takes from. So you could see from a reddraft perspective how your team stacks up and you can also see your leaguemates teams. How many tight ends do they have that to you can trade for? It's the single best thing to get more trades done. Same goes with the trade calculator. Again, completely customizable to your league settings. You click on your league once it's loaded in and it automatically adjusts to your league settings. So if you're trying to trade for Jackson Smith

and Jigba, it'll adjust for the fact that this league that I have inputed right now is a full PPR, is a three wide receiver start is a start 10, all that kind of stuff will factor in and it will change based on the type of league that you're in. If you're in a start seven, eight team league, it might give you a different response than if you're in a 14 team start 12. So that is the only thing only trade calculator on the market that does that, which is why it is the single best out there. But what we're going to do today is go through four of my teams. The first team that we're going to go through is the one that I just clicked into, which is the can't wait league. And this is an example. I'm going to give you an example of trades to send out or types of trades that you can send out using your own rosters when you have a really good team, a juggernaut, a team that is one of the best teams in the league. In fact, in this league, it in based on the expert rankings, my team is the best in

the league. So, I am going to evaluate my team quickly, evaluate my leaguemates teams quickly, and input basically all of the strategies that I talked about at the beginning of this video. So, if I'm evaluating this team and I'm looking, okay, what kind of team is this? Can I get trades done, etc. I wrote this down on pen and paper, so just give me a second. I'm old school. Um, so this team's a wagon, obviously. It's got a lot of great players, a lot of great uh options. The biggest weaknesses, and when you're doing a team like this, you're going to be really nitpicky relative to some other teams that you might have in your portfolio. I would say wide receiver production, firepower is one of the biggest weaknesses because Neighbors is coming off the torn ACL. Wilson, J Mo, Hunter, those guys are not as valuable from a production standpoint as they are from a long-term projection. And then also, I could move a tight end. I have Fan and Craft and Kyle Pitts. The

league scoring settings in this league are 12 team Superflex tight end premium 0.5 full PPR. And there's actually some first down bonuses. 0.5 first down bonus to running backs, wide receivers, and tight ends. And there's also a 0.1 point per carry to the running back position. So having a good running back core means a little bit more in a league like this. When I look at this team, I go, "Okay, I want more firepower." And if you guys can see today, I already made one of these deals. So I'm basically recording this video a couple days after I sent out some of these offers on purpose so I can show you guys some of the thought process, some of the rationale, and some of the discussions that happened in the DMs when I was making trades like this. I made this this video last year and you guys really liked seeing the transparency of it. So, um this morning I sent out Matthew Golden and my 207 for um Travis Hunter and his 303, I believe it was. So, I'm actively of the opinion

that you should be buying Travis Hunter. I'm looking for wide receiver firepower. Obviously going up to the top of the wide receiver position is how you get that, but also taking a big risk on a player with a lot of upside that I think Travis Hunter can have is um a reason why I made that trade. I also have Christian Watson, so getting off of Matthew Golden felt like a nice pivot. And Matthew Golden in my Dynasty wide receiver rankings was like my wide receiver eight or nine on this team. And this league is actually the most shallow league that I'm in. Um there's only like 25 total roster spots in it and it's like a start eight or a start nine. So, to me, going after an asset that could be a needle mover in Travis Hunter was something that I did and it made a lot of sense for me. Um, and that's why I made that deal. And as I go throughout this video, I'll show you guys exactly the trades that I sent out to these people. So, you can see them in the trade calculator. Now, again, the reason

that I was able to get this done, even though it says that I'm robbing him, is because Travis Hunter has had all this recent negative publicity and Travis Hunter managers are scared. So, if you're going to take anything away from this video from a micro level, Travis Hunter is a player you should be sending out offers for. Now, I know a lot of people are going to be mad that I gave away Matthew Golden, but I talked about what I think of Matthew Golden in Monday's video or or Friday's video. I can't remember when I did it. Um, but anyways, back to this team. Wide receiver firepower. It seems that I've solved that need to some degree. I get myself a little bit more upside at that position. Maybe I could still do more. Some of the other deals that I sent out um over the weekend here was I sent out a deal to uh point after FF. If I had to evaluate this team, I would say he's a decent team. He's got a balanced team, but maybe he's looking to consolidate or

tear down, sorry, from one of his stud assets into some more depth because after George Pickkins and Romo Dunay, his receiver core falls off. After Kenneth Walker and Trevon Henderson, his running back core falls off. So, I sent him an offer for Brock Bowers where I was giving him Harold Fannon. So, I'm giving him a great young tight end in return, Jameson Williams, and a 27 first. So, that allows him to fill out his wide receiver core a little bit more. As you can see here, he, you know, Jameson Williams would be a huge addition to his wide receiver core. He still has a stud young young tight end in Harold Fannon and he pockets a 2027 first that if he wanted to make a move for a running back or if he wanted to make a new a move for a wide receiver, if he wanted to upgrade at quarterback, he'd be able to do that. I sent him out that offer earlier this morning. He hasn't responded yet. Any trade discussions I'll show that I can on the screen. Um, if you guys are in any of

these leagues, please shout it out in the comments, too, because it's pretty funny that I'm in a lot of leagues with you guys. So, that was one of the deals that I sent out. Again, looking to consolidate my assets. That's something I'm looking to do. I have three tight ends that are all good. If I can upgrade into a Brock Bowers using one of them, that would make a lot of sense for me. Uh, moving to Texas Trojan. This was one of the guys that I sent out an offer for CD Lamb because again, I look at this guy's team. According to the site, it's a weak contender. You could see at at quarterback, he has Stafford and Prescott, but behind that, he doesn't have a third guy. And then also, the assets that he has, not really a significant producer at tight end. Kelsey's a little bit older, a little little weaker at running back and wide receiver than a team like mine, for example, who's a true contending team in this league. So, what I sent him out in this league was I offered him Harold

Fannon, Jameson Williams, and a 27 first for C Lamb, very similar offer that I sent to Brock Bowers. Uh, the Brock Bowers manager I sent to him. Uh, he messaged me back as you can see there, and he said, "I'm going to try and run it back and compete again." Which, like I said, your response in that situation is going to be, "No worries. figured I'd reach out, send me uh anything if things change kind of thing. Because again, you just reached out. You didn't offend the guy by sending an offer. You just inquired to see, hey, would you be, you know, into maybe tearing it down, rebuilding? If you are, this is a trade that might appeal to you. And he told me that he's not. So, that's totally fair. Um, and then I also sent out one more trade offer to this guy here for Ashen Genty. This is a team that is in a pretty deep rebuild. He has two first this year. our league hasn't rolled over the league yet, so it doesn't say what first they are, but I'm pretty sure he

has the 101 or 102 if I'm not mistaken. And I said, "What would you be interested in for Genty?" Because I obviously in a league that has a premium on running backs, point perh.1 point per carry, and 0.5 first down bonus, Genty would be a huge hammer for my lineup. So, what I sent him is again a very similar framework to the deal that I talked about already, except in this situation, I'd be giving him back a running back instead of a tight end. So, I sent him an offer of Jameson Williams, B Shell Tot, and a 27 first. I'd probably I would definitely be willing to go more than this. This was the initial offer I've sent out. I already have a really good trade relationship with this guy. I've traded with him like three or four times. So, I know he's not going to be offended by me sending him an offer that definitely favors me. And also, Tuton's a buzzy name right now. Everybody loves the 27 class. Jameson Williams. This is not an offer that I think is disrespectful. I think it is

definitely an offer that favors me given the ELO system of our trade calculator valuing a super high-end asset like Genty. But um I'm definitely willing to go further there. Maybe I should have offered him a second round a second round pick on top of this just to make it a little bit better. But again, those are the offers I sent out in this league. I'll let you guys know. I'll throw a little ding on the screen if any more trades get done. But already one of the deals that got done was Travis Hunter and a third, which was the 303, I believe it was. And then Matthew Golden and the 207 was the deal that I ended up making. So, if you guys have a a wagon of a team, a juggernaut of a team, and you're looking to make deals in it, remember that consolidating into great assets, getting more firepower for your starting lineup is priority number one. If you're in a situation like this, and also two, if you're like me, you identify your biggest weakness. It's wide receiver, you remember to take into

account your scoring settings. Like I said, running backs would have a lot of value in this league. And also too, if you have a strength, a clear strength like I do with tight end, Harold Fannon, Tucker Craft, Kyle Pittz, using some of those guys to trade off of and turn into better assets and flatten out your exposure across the board. Uh, downgrade at tight end to upgrade at wide receiver and so on. You could definitely get away with a lot of moves like that. So, back to my portfolio. Let's move into the next team that I want to break out here. That is the Devi Disciples League. Now, this is a Devi league. I'll try and minimize the talk of Devi stuff that I have to go through here, but just keep in mind that there are Devi players involved, which are players that are still in college. So, um, again, a different wrinkle for those of you guys that have never played Devi. I won't go too in-depth on that stuff. I would consider this team, it is a juggernaut in the my teams feature. I would

consider it more like a true contender than a juggernaut. It is being carried by a couple of high-end assets. And also too, my devi pool is not very strong compared to some of the other league uh, league mates that I have. So, I'm also factoring in some of my college players that I have. um this league uh scoring settings obviously it's a devi league you have you know most teams have somewhere between four and six devi players it's also year three of the league uh which means the devi pool is pretty depleted it's not like devi picks have a lot of value at this point and also it's a 12 team superflex six point per passing touchdown 0.5 tight end premium when I look at this league and I evaluate my team in it my running back depth is obviously a worry other than Robinson and Kenneth Walker nobody else in my starting line nobody else can hit my starting lineup maybe PCO Brian Robinson have some value, but they're not going to be startable running backs for me. So, if I have by-weeks, if I

have injuries, and so on, I'm going to be weak at the running back position. And also, tight end is a huge problem for me right now because my starter week one would be probably Hunter Henry. And I definitely want a better option than that. I have a pretty big strength at quarterback with Jackson Dart, Trevor Lawrenson, Dak Prescott. All three of them are really solid options. And of course, I have some pretty good receivers as well between Malik Neighbors, Chris Alave, Amecha Ibuka, Lad Makon, Jaden Higgins, and Chris Godwin, and even some of my depth guys. I feel pretty good about that. So, I'm looking for tight end obviously as my biggest weakness. I know that uh this guy here um I don't know how to play Devi. Um he has a couple of tight ends, Trey McBride, Tyler Warren, and Harold Fannon to name a few of them. So, I can feel pretty confident that he would be motivated to sell one of his tight ends because who wants this many tight ends on their team? certainly not me if I was

in his situation. So, what we're going to do is we're going to go through and send him some offers and see what would appeal to him. So, again, I'm going to evaluate my leaguemates team while I'm evaluating my own. His biggest weakness is quarterback. He only has Kyler Murray and Matthew Stafford. He does have Dante Moore and Julian Seai in his Devi pool. So, maybe he's going to reject me and tell me I feel good about quarterback because I have these two Devi players, but we're going to inquire nonetheless. So, let's pivot over to the trade calculator. What I offered him originally was uh Kyler Murray. I want Kyler Murray and Trey McBride from him. I'd be offering him Jackson Dart and the 108. Again, keep in mind the 108 is a depleted Devi 108 in the rookie draft. So, it's probably more like I'll actually change it out for a different asset. It's probably more like the 206 or so in the 2026 class in a nondevy format, but I also added in a Devi

player that I feel pretty decent about in Malachi Fields. So, I threw him Jackson Dart, the 108 in the rookie class, but again, it's more like a mid-second. And then I threw him Malachi Fields on top of it as well, just to see if he's interested in moving Trey McBride. So, that was the first offer I sent him. The second offer I sent him was Tyler Warren if he's wanting to trade him instead of Trey McBride. Um, I would give him Dak Prescott. He already has Stafford, so I'm sure he's probably in a situation where he feels like he can uh compete. His running backs are Christian McAffrey and Saquon Barkley as well. So, I send him Dak Prescott. He sends me back Tyler Warren and M. Jones. again, maybe a trade that he'd be interested in doing. And then the third offer I sent him was Tyler Warren, uh the 209, which I have listed here. Um it's his rookie 209. Again, it's a depleted pick. It's probably more like a third or a fourth round rookie pick in a normal class, not in a devi situation.

And then the 273rd, uh the placeholder that I'm putting in that for is a second round Devi pick, but again, it's year four, I think, of this Devi league. So a second round Devi pick now versus a second round Devi pick in the first year is completely different. So again, it's probably about equatable value to a 273rd, which is why I put that in there as a placeholder. And then I'd be sending him Lad Mcconkey. So those are three offers. Maybe he wants to move McBride. Maybe he wants to move War Warren. Maybe he wants to remove Fan uh move Fannon off of his team. Those were the offers that I sent him. Um because like I said, I am looking for a tight end in this situation. The other guy that I decided to trade with in this league was uh EJM. I'm looking at Quinchon Judkins on his team. He already has uh the 101 which again it's a devi league so it's not going to be Jeremiah Love he's already rostered but Fernando Mendoza was not so Fernando Mendoza is the 101 in this depleted devi situation

so keep in mind he has a little bit less of a need for quarterback than um than maybe uh it would look like at this moment but he is going to probably take Fernando Mendoza with that selection and if we pivot back over to the trade calculator the offer that I sent him was Quinnon Judkins for Lad Mcconi in you know normal uh layman's terms but then I'd also be hitting Justice Haynes, who was formerly of Michigan, was having a great season, transfers to Georgia Tech. I value him as basically a second round pick in next year's class. And then a third round pick, um, which is actually the 209 asset, like I made reference to. It's probably more like a rookie third or a rookie fourth than it is a rookie second because it's the depleted pool. And it actually says that I'm losing this trade. But I do like um the idea of getting Judkins in this league because it gives me much needed running back depth. So um yeah, that is another one of my contending teams. Um, that is the

situation that I found myself in. So, trying to address the tight end position, trying to address the running back position if I can. Let's pivot over to one of my uh, you know, house money teams. I would call this more of a rebuild than anything. Um, but because it is a situation where I have a pretty good team already, it's um, maybe I could compete with it if things broke right for it. The problem with this team is that it is very risky. You're relying on players who are kind of unreliable. Nico Collins banged up all the time. Brian Thomas Jr. had a bad season. Marvin Harrison Jr. hasn't proven himself yet. So, the reason I'm calling this a house money team is cuz it's very young still and it has upside to be better long term than it would be in the short term. So, when I evaluate this team, I look through it and I see based on my notes here that I have, um, okay, wide receiver hammers, obviously Nico Collins is my only really, really productive receiver right now. So, I

could definitely use some upgrades there. Um, or just pure production, you know, a DJ Moore type, something like that. uh tight end hammer because you know Daltton Concincaid is my only tight end that I have at the moment that is worth anything and Daltton Concincaid is quite unreliable and also banged up all the time himself. And then one other thing that I could do is up tier at running back or at quarterback because I have some depth at that position where I could take Belle Tutin plus RJ Harvey and see what kind of running back I can get or I can take one of those guys plus my 27 first and see what I can upgrade at that position as well. So, some of the deals that I made in this league when I go over to the trade calculator, I reached out to Kissing Cousins who is down here and I evaluating his team. I look at it and he doesn't really have any wide receivers. Um, I have some wide receivers, albeit risky ones. So, that was kind of the basis of the offers that I sent him. I sent him an offer of

Marvin Harrison Jr. midto late projected or a mid project, let's call it a mid- projected 27 first because it's not like my team is a guaranteed contender. And then R.J. RJ Harvey in exchange for Kenneth Walker, Dak Prescott, and Michael Pitman. Now, this would be be me consolidating at running back as the example that I gave already, where I'd be getting Kenneth Walker in exchange essentially for RJ Harvey in a 27 first, and I'd be swapping one of my riskier wide receivers for Dak Prescott and getting Michael Pitman as maybe he's as valuable or productive as Marvin Harrison Jr. is, but if Skull Canada is willing to take the risk on Marvin Harrison Jr., obviously, he could win that trade, no questions asked. And then the other trade that I sent him was very similar in nature where I'd be giving him basically the same types of assets. Harrison, RJ Harvey in a second and CJ Strad this time in exchange for Dak Prescott and Bucky Irving. So again, I'd be consolidating at running back. I'd be

getting a better quarterback production-wise, but I'd be kind of down tiering. Like whatever you think of Strad versus Dak, it's pretty similar tier in Dynasty. It just depends on what you want. Is it the production of Dak or is it the long-term youth factor of um of uh CJ Strad there? So, that was some of the trades that I sent him. Again, keeping in mind what he might be interested in, uh, was mainly like some wide receiver. If I had a team like this, I would absolutely be swinging for the fences on a guy like Marvin Harrison Jr. So, that was kind of the rationale that I had for that team. If I go to sweaty Brown Mambas here, and a quick shout out to Bubba, who uh let me know in one of our other leagues that he was diagnosed with stage four cancer. So, shout out to Bubba. He said he's doing better in the chat. Um, obviously praying for him and for his family as well, cuz you never want to hear that diagnosis. Um, the offer that I sent him was uh DJ Moore for a second uh in 2027.

Now, DJ Moore is obviously a guy who spiked in value recently because he got traded to the Buffalo Bills. I also um in the DMs, maybe I should let him know that I'd be willing to throw in like my 308 on top of this if he's in a position where he wants to shed that production because he does have like a rebuilding type of team. and a guy like DJ Moore, if I had a team like this, I would be looking to sell him off of my team. So, uh, that was the offer I sent to him. Again, that would give me some wide receiver production to help me out. And then, uh, the other deals that I sent in this league, Sir King Jared, a classic of ours, has a great tight end core. I obviously need a tight end because Daltton Concade is the only guy that I have. And, uh, the offer that I sent him was very simply a 27 first for Tyler Warren. Um, going over to the trade calculator, again, that was kind of the starting point of the trade. Maybe I should offer him a first and a second now that I think about it cuz that is a

little bit of an unfair offer that I sent originally. But um yeah, those were the offers that I sent in this league. And then the last one actually that I sent was to Brock because um in all of my leagues I'm trying to buy Travis Hunter and uh he has Travis Hunter on his team. So the offer that I sent him was Travis Hunter uh and Jaylen Wadd. So, a guy that can be a productive receiver for me and a guy that could be a high upside wide receiver for me in Travis Hunter for my 27 1st and my 27 second. Now, again, keep in mind the trade calculator for both the Warren deal and for this one assumes my pick is going to be late because I have it selected as late 27 first, but based on my team, it could easily be mid. Like last year, I traded away my first thinking it would be late and it ended up being 106. So, definitely not a guarantee that this is a late first. If it was a mid first, you'd probably think the deal is a lot more fair than it says it is in the actual trade calculator itself. But no flocking. This is a

league that is a little bit more challenging to maneuver because like I said, it's a team that has a lot of upside if things break right. But it's also a team that I could be looking to rebuild further if things don't go my way. If Marvin Harrison flames out, if Brian Thomas Jr. is never the same, if Nico Collins continues to get injured, I might have to rebuild this entire receiver core. Not to mention, I have guys like Brandon Iayuk and Tyler Tyreek Hill who I traded for last offseason who I thought were going to be productive guys for me who ended up not playing all year pretty much because of injury in both cases. So, um yeah, definitely a situation that is harder to maneuver. Um let's pivot over to my very last league that I'm going to go through here and that is one that is a true kind of rebuild. Um and I'll show you why in a second if I can find this actual league here. Okay, FSE Listener Dino. The reason that this league is a true rebuild because you can look at my

roster here and be like, "Okay, there's some strong points. Devon Han, Bree Hall is a solid top running backs. My quarterbacks have Jaden Daniels, Bone Knicks, and Tyler Shuck is pretty decent, and I have some wide receiver talent. Not any high-end guys, but guys that are interesting. Plus, my tight end core is pretty much set. This league is non-tightend premium, but it is a 12 team superflex PPR like all the others. The reason that I don't view this league and this team as something that's very significant is a I don't have like a lot of high-end picks like 108, 110, 206, etc. I'm going to be able to add volume to this team, but in order to to make this team a lot better, I'm going to have to really hit big on some of the receivers that I'm probably going to be drafting in that 108 to 110 to 208 range. If I can swing for the fences and smash one of those wide receivers, that would be great. But the problem is Danny did something this year that I've never

seen in my five years playing Dynasty, which is not lose a single week. He went from the beginning of the regular season to the championship without losing because this team is an absolute wagon. So, I can't, you know, be a soft contender in this league. You are never going to beat a team like this with a decent team. Like, he has Chase Nua and Jefferson as his top three receivers. His worst receiver in his starting lineup is Nico Collins. He has Trey McBride as his tight end. He has Jamir Gibbs as his RB1. He has Herbert and Josh Allen as his quarterbacks. Like this is a team when you look at mine again where you go, I'm just not going to compete with Danny unless something drastic happens and I can hit all my picks. Get the next Brian Thomas Jr. near the late first round. Get the next Luther Burden near the late first round area. That's basically my only option at this point for a league like this because I think a lot of people will look at a league like this and go, "Oh,

your team is just one good receiver away from competing." It's like maybe it would be in a regular league, but not when a league mate like mine in Danny's situation has a team like that. And even like um uh Flet's team is really good and uh Nate's team is really good as well. So I think I'm clearly like the contender number four through six even if I hit on some of my picks. So I want to be patient with a league like this. I want to be patient tearing things down, retooling, collecting assets, hitting on rookie picks, and so on. So I consider this to be a rebuild, even though some people might think it's a little further along than that. So, evaluating my team and then evaluating some of my leaguemates teams. Let's go down to uh Clowning Dion. Uh this is one league mate of mine that I wanted to reach out to on a Mecha Igbuka because I think Ibuka really uh fits my team build and fits my team description. So, what I offered him was uh the 108, my 108 Khalil Shakir and a 27 second, which in

my case would probably project to be early to mid for achuka. And if we pivot over to the calculator, you can see that on the calculator, it does say that I'm robbing him, but it is factoring in more of a mid-second than an early second, which mine is probably going to be. So again, I just floated that trade out there. He told me he wasn't interested in selling a Mecha Ibuka. No harm, no foul. The uh second guy that I tried to get a trade done with was Gusbuster. I looked at his team and based on the assets that I'm trying to acquire, based on the types of players I'm trying to get, this feels like the type of team for me that is worth taking the risk on Marvin Harrison Jr. because if Harrison hits, he's going to move and ascend to the top of the dynasty dynasty wide receiver landscape. So, what I sent him for Marvin Harrison Jr. in the offer was uh the 108 and the 211 to get the ball rolling, see if he'd be interested in something like that. He indicated to me

that he believes in Harrison and is not going to trade him. So, that obviously was something that didn't get done. And then, uh, the other trade that I sent him as well was inquiring about his 103. Um, where I'd be sending him like the 108 plus 110 plus probably another piece in exchange for the 103 if he was looking to trade down from that selection, collect a bunch of draft capital and whatnot. Um, so those were the two trades I sent him. He offered me back um if I wanted to trade for James Cook. And I told him like, "Hey, in a vacuum, I think he offered me like a pretty decent offer for him." I was like in a vacuum, I think that's a fine trade for James Cook, but even though it would help my team and my team would be better because of the trade, I don't think I'm ready to compete with Danny yet. So is that's what I told him essentially. I don't want to trade for a 26-y old running back when Danny's team looks like this. Um, even with James Cook on

my team, I don't think I have any chance in hell of actually beating him, you know, more than 30 to 20% of the time. Like, could anything happen if I make the playoffs? Sure. But I don't want to base my whole strategy on that. I want to at least be able to go punch for punch with a team like this in an uh ideal situation. The other uh person I reached out to was obviously Spicy Hot, who you guys know from uh the backseat of our live streams. Uh Spicy Hot has Judkins on his team. He actually made a deal where he kind of fleeced me last season. He traded uh me, he got my Tedar McMillan and Tyler Warren. And I believe what I got back from him was like Tucker Craft, um, Devon Achan and something else, which I mean, again, not a fleece necessarily, but he he got the better assets in the deal slightly, I think, in that one. Um, I sent him an offer for Quinnon Judkins where I would be getting uh, Quinchon Judkins and he would be getting my 108 and my early to mid projected 27 second. He indicated to me

that he really likes Judkins and doesn't want to trade him. So, that's totally fair. Again, sometimes you send out these trades, like you guys have heard me say this multiple times in this video that I've sent out 25, 30 trades and I got five trades done this week. Like you might think, oh, you get so many trades done. You must get all of your trades accepted. No, I sent out volume of trades. I'm in there in the DMs doing the work. With each one of these trades, I was basically telling them, hey, let me know your thoughts on Judkins. What do you think of Judkins? I can always go in a different direction, but I figured because you're a rebuilder, 108 and an early second would appeal to you. I'm doing that with every single one of these trades, DMing people back and forth, thinking about what they're doing and building those trade relationships. And I know for a fact Danny does it as well and probably does it even more than I do it. So that is how you want to be

fostering those trade relationships to kind of tie it all back to the points I gave at the beginning of this video. Helping your leaguemate, put yourself in their shoes. Again, when I'm sending out an offer for Quinnon Judkins, I understand that Spicy Hot probably doesn't want competitive assets because he's a rebuilding team. sending out pretty good offers, offers that I think should be accepted, let's say 30, 40, 50% of the time, and then sending those follow-up messages, being honest with my thought process. The other um leagues I just wanted to show you, cuz I got a lot of trades done in these leagues this weekend, uh get faded. This is a league I I'll keep this one very brief. I'm not going to go over the team in depth and make any more trades, but this is a team that is a competitive team. And the two trades that I got done this weekend, as you can see here, two days ago, I traded Jaylen Coker and my second round pick in 2027, which based on the look of my

roster, uh, Mike Evans and Devonte Adams, really competitive assets and so on. This is a league where I expect to be competitive. So, that expects to be a mid to late second. And then Jaylen Coker, who I like, but obviously I have a lot of shares of, and I like the upside of Hunter better. So, I traded for Hunter in that situation. And then another trade that I made in this league was upgrading at running back um from Trevian Henderson who was my RB3 who I have a little bit of doubt about all the way up to Kenneth Walker who's a lot more of a competitive running back. This is a league that's also half PPR and I think Kenneth Walker a little bit better for that format than Trevian Henderson. And I gave him my 109 this year again in a half PPR format. I think the 109 loes value because the strength of this class in that area of the board is wide receiver. So I give him my 109 Khalil Shakir and Trevon Henderson for Kenneth Walker and T. Higgins and I feel really good about that deal. I think it made my

team better. My starting lineup in this league is now basically Baker Mayfield, Kyler Murray, Bejian Robinson, James Cook, Drake London, T. Higgins, Tucker Craft, or George KD, whoever's healthier. Maybe I need to get a stop gap tight end in the short term. And then in my main flex would be Kenneth Walker and then Devonte Adams, Mike Evans, and those guys. So very solid, strong contender as you can see there. Those were the moves that I made in it. And then the other league that I made some moves in was also another strong contending roster. Uh this league, the flocked up league, I was number one in the league in points four this season, but I got bounced unfortunately in the first round of the playoffs. And I decided to make some moves to bolster this league. This is a 2x tight end premium. And I traded my 105, which presumably is like Jordan Tyson, maybe a Fernando Mendoza or something would fall there for uh Tyler Warren. That was the initial offer I sent him, just 105 straight for Tyler Warren. He countered

back that he wanted the 210. Shout out to Jace Plan here. And the 407. Um, in a non2x tight end premium, I think this is a fair deal. But knowing the fact that it is a 2x tight end premium, I was actually willing to probably pay more than this. So, uh, I feel pretty good about getting Tyler Warren a clear differencemaking tight end and a 2x tight end premium. And then the other deal that I ended up making, I think in hindsight, maybe I could have been a little bit more patient with this one, but I thought the value was too good to pass up. I ended up sending away my 27 first, which again, last year I was number one in the league in points four. I had like a a nine and five record, but I was clearly the number one team in points four. And um I ended up picking up Jared Goff, who fills a a quarterback need for me because all I had was Bo Nick and Baker Mayfield at the time. And I give away my mid to late projected 27 first, a mid to late projected 27 third as well. I get a 307 back on top of it.

And I give up Dantavian Wixs, who maybe I I got to move him up my rankings after the the Eagles trade, but probably doesn't have a ton of value. Essentially, the nuts and bolts of this are a 27 first for Jared Goff. Um, which maybe again I could have been more patient and gotten a better quarterback or gotten a better running back upgrade or a better wide receiver upgrade. The way I look at things is my starting lineup is going to be the best landing or the best matchup between these three quarterbacks, two of them in my lineup. Then I'm going to have Bejon, Bucky Irving, Kairen, Javvante Williams, and Jacobs in my running back spots and probably through my flexes for the most part as well. Drake London, Garrett Wilson, Wadd, etc. in my wide receivers. And then Tyler Warren as my main tight end. And knowing that it's a 2x tight end premium, Gadson has some flex appeal. Goddard has some flex appeal. Like in a 2x premium, Goddard was averaging like 14 15 points a game last year, which is more than you'd get from

Waddle, Metaf, and some of those types of wide receivers. So I feel very, very good about this team as well. That is um the end of the video though. We'll go back to the main view here. Trade strategy. again going over some trade strategy points and also showcasing to you guys how I send out trade offers. Some of the conversations that were going on in the DMs you guys would have seen on the screen throughout any other trades that get done from the time I'm recording to this video which is April 14th in the morning to the time I put out this video which will probably be later in the week. I'll I'll you know do a little text sound and throw any more trades that got done on the screen during the video. So if you found this helpful, if you found some strategy from this, leave a like down below. Subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. The point of this video was not to to plug the whole site and the site features. The point of this video is to showcase to you that you need to be

doing this with your Dynasty leagues. You need to be going in however many leagues you have. Maybe it's one, maybe it's two, maybe it's three, maybe it's 15 like me. Um, you need to be going through your Dynasty portfolio once every couple months, sending out trade offers, identifying your weaknesses because ultimately that is how you get the better Dynasty roster. If you're not active, if you're not actively taking advantage of buy and sell windows on players, like for example, Travis Hunter's buy window right now, you are not trying hard enough to win your Dynasty leagues. If you're just going to go on your merry way, spend your rookie picks every year, maybe make a trade or two during the season, you're going to get mediocre results. If you want exceptional results across your dynasty portfolio, then make sure you are active in your specific leagues. And again, I just showcased a couple of my leagues. I'll do this video again maybe in like June or something with some other

different leagues and other different um teams that I have. Let me know down below any feedback that you have for this video. Were you able to follow it? Was it too confusing? Do you want to see more uh strategy stuff? Do you want to see more trade discussion? What do you want to see more in this video? A couple of you guys really really liked this video last June when I did it. So, I wanted to bring it back again after I got a chance to sit down and go through a lot of my dynasty leagues. I only went through five, but I pretty much sent out at least three offers in every one of my 17 leagues that I'm in. So, um, yeah, if you guys are interested in the site, using the My Portfolio tool, using the My Teams tool, and using the trade calculator, they are all free to use. You can sign up on the site using the promo code FSE on flockfantasy.com. You can start a 7-day free trial, get to use some of these tools. If you like it, then sign up for a paid membership. If you don't like it or you just want to

use the tools and be on your merry way and use them with the just the expert function, then you can cancel your 7-day free trial. It's all up to you. Our draft guide is live right now. 50 plus player writeups, 50 plus player film breakdowns of the 2026 rookie class. You're not going to want to miss that. And post-draft once the draft actually happens about a week and a half from now. We are going to add in post-draft videos breaking down the landing spots breaking down the draft capital, the range of outcomes that we see for these players. will have an individual video per player and especially those top end guys. You're going to want to pay attention to where we would take them in rookie drafts. Should we take them on a competitive team? Should you take them on a rebuilding team? A lot of nuance discussion is going to go into those videos. So, if that interests you, check out all that. That'll be linked down below in the pin comment. But with that being said, peace out and I'll talk to

you soon. [music]
