Free agency is mostly in the books. There's a few other free agents out there, but today we're going to break down 20 players that are skyrocketing up our Dynasty rankings since the legal tampering period and free agency window has opened. Lots of changes in dynasty running back rankings especially, but wide receivers, quarterbacks, and tight ends as well. Danny, let's start it off with the guy that I would say gained the most value as far as what you would have traded for him before and what you would trade for him now as far as like at least probably a full first rounder of value that he gained. Yeah. Kenneth Walker now of the Kansas City Chiefs, a guy that in his career we've all known has been very, you know, talented. Uh we actually saw in 2024 a top 12 season in points per game even though it was a limited 11ame season. Now he heads over to Kansas City where he is going to be the starting running back in the Patrick Mahomes led Kansas City Chiefs offense. >> Yeah. And there's going to be people

that are like, well, he wasn't good in 2025. He lost a lot of valuable touch to Zack Sharbanet. And yeah, that absolutely was a factor. And then we saw him absolutely go ballistic in the playoff run, price himself out of the Seattle Seahawks resign range and just gets what's arguably, in my opinion, the best landing spot available for any free agent or draftable running back, the Kansas City Chiefs. On top of that, we saw what the receiving ceiling looked like in 2024. And we've seen with the Chiefs, man, you get, you know, an elusive back in space. They want to feed you the football in the passing game as well. So, that's a big win. We could see a guy in Kenneth Walker 220 plus carries between the tackles, maybe 50 to 70 targets, and obviously, as we know, tetherment to Patrick Mahomes in this offense. >> Yeah. Like if you look from uh just the playoff run alone, we're talking about uh Kenneth Walker being a 63% snapshare player, 73% of the team's carries, and

still like a 40% route participation, 28% targets for a run. Even if you just kind of like forecast that workload, like that's nothing crazy. Like 63% of the snaps, 73% of the carries, that's a starting running back in today's NFL. people are not giving, you know, these huge huge workloads 80 90% of the snaps anymore. That's very uncommon. So whether it's the Chiefs bringing back Kareem Hunt on a short-term deal or they use Bashard Smith a little bit more in the passing game or maybe they draft somebody in round four, round five of the NFL draft or something like that, I would expect Kenneth Walker to probably be in the territory somewhere along the lines of he has the 15th to the 10th best workload in the league. I don't think he's going to get, you know, a 90% snap share, like I said. >> But the thing is with this landing spot is you simply don't need him to because you're probably going to be expecting somewhere between, I would say optimistically 4.6 to 5.1 yards per

carry in this situation. You know, you're going to get those 20 plus 15 plus yard chunk runs. And if he does get that usage as a pass game receiver, which again, we saw it in 2024. It's not like we haven't seen it before with Kenneth Walker. 2024 he was averaging over five targets per game. like there's a lot of meat on the bone here for him to potentially have a top five running back season. And because of that, I do think in Dynasty, he needs to be valued around the guys like, you know, Jonathan Taylor, James Cook, kind of in that area of rankings. And it does look like if if you go over to the site rankings, we all kind of agree overall. I mean, the highest there being Zack at 38, the lowest being Mason at 51, only a round discrepancy pretty much between, you know, the highest and lowest that where we have Walker. >> Yeah. Yeah. And when you factor in a guy who's, you know, in age 25 season, year four of his NFL career, the comps are still pretty good even despite the fact

that, you know, he didn't have his best PPR point per game season last year. So again, you're looking at a player who easily easily could get somewhere between 16 and 21 fantasy points per game. I think we're you should feel very comfortable projecting Kenneth Walker as a mid RB1 type of player. like whatever you thought of like Josh Jacobs last year is probably what you should think of Kenneth Walker from like a a point production standpoint. And again, you've made some arguments, okay, maybe he takes a step up in the passing game. Maybe we see, you know, 60 plus targets or something like that. It'll all kind of depend on what they do around him. Do they think Rashard Smith's ready to take a step forward? Do they think, you know, they need a early down guy? All we want for sure is 70 65 70 plus percent of all of the work, the goal line stuff, the total carries, and the pass game stuff. And if that happens for Kenneth Walker and Mahomes is playing like Mahomes usually plays, we're looking at a guy

who does legitimately have a top three to five, you know, reddraft ceiling this year. >> Yeah, I think it could look very similar to what James Cook looked like in Buffalo. Like obviously this year with James Cook, that would be like the ultimate ceiling for for a guy like Kenneth Walker. Like you're getting I mean James Cook last year, 309 carries, over 1,600 rushing yards, 12 rushing touchdowns, also contributed 33 receptions, 40 targets out of the back field. Maybe if it's, you know, in terms of overall workload somewhere between what he was in 2023 versus 2025. I think the middle ground is probably about the median expectation for Kenneth Walker. But like I said, the Chiefs, let's just say Patrick Mahomes ahead of schedule. Maybe he's back by, you know, week two, week three, week four. That offense is humming. The receivers are staying healthy this year because that was a big problem last year. You could be talk you could be talking about a top five offense and, you know, two to three goal

line opportunities per game for him as well. >> Yeah. No, for sure. So, um, moving into another running back, a guy that is kind of the talk of the town right now as far as, uh, you know, dynasty land, and there's a lot of arguments going on around Twitter and stuff. We view this, uh, these this set of moves as very bullish for B shell tune or B shellon, I can't say this guy's name properly. We had an RB29, RB27 or so um in the last edition of our trade value chart upgrade which update which will be uh coming out with a new one uh in a couple of days after free agency has kind of wrapped up and we get most of the big names out of the way. Uh Kenneth Walker by the way was more RB12 to 17 for us and now he's RB7 for us. Belle Tutin or Bashel Tutin is RB20 in our rankings right now. Now yesterday Chris Rodriguez was signed to the Jacksonville Jaguars. that throws a little bit of a wrench into this conversation, but ultimately Travis ETN leaving huge positive bullish signal on

what they think of this player. >> Yeah, it basically the way I'll put it though, if Bashel Tutin fails, it won't be because they signed Chris Rodriguez. Because with Chris Rodriguez, you know exactly the skill set they signed him to be a goal line short yardage runner. He's not going to do much in the passing game. He's not going to create many explosives between the tackles. Realistically, if Bashel Tutin's going to be, you know, the starting three down workhorse for this team, it's going to be because Bashalt Tudin earned it because the other running backs on this depth chart, I would say are specialist. Rodriguez, big back, guy like Laquin Allen, more so a third down pass game specialist. It's clear as day when they drafted him based off all the reports we were hearing from Gladstone, all the reports we were hearing from Liam Conn, the long-term answers to their running back they believed to be Bashel Duden. We saw that they were using him in high

leverage situations last year. even if the raw efficiency maybe wasn't what the fantasy consumer wanted and now we get confirmation that they don't bring back Travis ETN to me it all pointed to the fact that they want Tun to be their RB1 and based off their actions this off season only bringing in Rodriguez to replace the Travis ETN touches we could be looking at a potential 250 plus touch back >> yeah no absolutely some of the comps you see here Miles Gaskin crazy that he has 16.42 4-2 fantasy point per game season. It's just it's nuts to me that he he was that productive. Jay Aahi, you can see here as well. Like I think the one thing to keep in mind with the whole Rodriguez of it all is that Liam Cohen did work with him for multiple years at the University of Kentucky. He was basically the play caller there at the time that that Chris Rodriguez was in house. So I do think that there's a role in mind for Rodriguez. Like you said, maybe it's okay, Laquent Allen's going to play 15

20% of the snaps. He's probably only going to be in there in super long down and distance obvious pass game situations and maybe Chris Rodriguez annoys us and he has five rushing touchdowns this year and you you wish that those had gone to Toutin. I think the way that you're looking at Toutin right now or at least the looking at Tuton right now is again let's get him a 60 to 70% of all of the work kind of workload and he can be a legitimate top 15 running back in fantasy especially in this scheme the explosive playability that he has. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. for every Trey Benson where they sign Tyler Alier and they bring back Bam Knight and they resign James Connor, it's a complete mess. You're getting a potential base altitude opportunity. And the fun fact here too, um I know this was brought up on Twitter, but terms of like EPA and you know short r short yardage rushing opportunities, it's actually very clear that last year Balt had more success in those carries than

Chris Rodriguez did. So I'm very curious like this is going to be one like you know he's got familiarity with the coach. We'll kind of see what happens at camp, but I do think if Tuton is the talent that we both believe him to be, he will earn that RB1 opportunity right from day one. >> Yeah. And I think it's it's pretty telling that he was able to have some fantasy relevance anytime he got more than like eight carries. Like you could see like he had a couple games of like eight carries, scores 15 fantasy points against Cincinnati. 15 carries was by far the highest that he had of all last season and he ends up having a pretty solid day against the Chargers who were a really good run defense last year. So Tutin is going to be a very popular topic of conversation leading into the summer, but definitely from a dynasty perspective at the very least. You have to say that he gained a lot of value. He was probably worth about a mid-second round pick before at the very least. Now

I I mean people have asked us, should I trade first or should I sell him for a first and stuff? I this year I would you trade the 111 in the 2026 class for Bashel Ton right now? I I I think the conversation's probably closer to like the 108. Like that's where I think Dutton's going to end up, especially given we saw just how successful the Jaguars offense looked, especially the ground game. There's realistic top 12 running back opportunity. And as much as I like Jonah Coleman, as much as I like Jarian Price, it's like we wish they would beat the RB1 for the Jacksonville Jaguars. And we both like facial to the prospect last year. >> Yeah. No, that's a very fair point. I think if you're talking about 27 ones, like where it's a better class, it's a deeper class, you don't know if that's going to be mid to late, that's probably when I would cash out on Tooten, especially if you're in a situation where you are a long-term rebuilder, you

took over an orphan or something. Cashing out on a player like this and and punting that into the next draft class is probably the prudent move because this is still a day three running back who could still have competition added. So, let's talk about David Montgomery. Again, pretty cut and dry as far as the conversation here. he now becomes a guy that we didn't know what his role was going to be at 28 29 years old gonna be going into the season to now at the very least we have like a one-year solid window of we know what David Montgomery should be whether they add a Jadarian Price or a Jonah Coleman or something in the draft it's it's pretty clear to me that David Montgomery should be you know a 250 carry guy. >> Yeah. So the thing with David Montgomery obviously like he didn't look quite himself this past year as opposed to the previous couple years that he had with Detroit. You see the overall carries went down, the overall workload split, Snapjare all went down. Obviously,

conversely, that's because I mean Jir Gibbs just frankly took over that role, but I would say on a per touch basis, like he was fine. You see, the yards per carry was fine, the yards per target was fine, and we know exactly the role he's going to have on this team. Houston brought him in because Woody Mars is not trustworthy between the tackles. He's more of a space back, third down back, and you need a guy that's going to be physical, is going to finish his runs, and is going to set up that defense long term. Because realistically, we know with Houston, they want to win on defense. Having a guy like David Montgomery that can handle 15 to 18 between the tackles, touches, stylistically fits what the identity of this team wants to be. >> Yeah, I think uh 2024 Kareem Hunt, not a terrible comp for what David Montgomery could be. And I actually think there's more juice left in the tank there for David Montgomery than there was even for Kareem Hunt the year that Pacheco went

down. I think very at the very least we've seen Houston feed Joe Mixon a lot of carries and Woody Marks should go back to his normal role which is playing on third down and Montgomery in a good offense a team that could be like a legit Super Bowl >> 13 to 14 point per game back. >> Yeah, especially when you factor in that the defense gets a lot of turnovers, they get a lot of stops. Who's to say David Montgomery doesn't rush for 1100 yards, 11 touchdowns this year? >> Yeah, I mean realistically they have every opportunity to give them the ball in space. you know, they're going to get a lot of opportunities on offense given how strong that defense is. Sure, it's probably going to be a slower paced offense, but realistically, they could not finish their runs last year. They had the the corpse of Nick Chub. They had Woody Marks who either couldn't stay healthy or couldn't find the gaps between the tackles. Like, you're getting a proven nononsense runner that,

you know, is going to be able to put the shoulder down on a defender, get you two to three hidden yards anytime you give them the ball. This is exactly what they needed. >> Yeah. The one thing I would say if you like are going to buy David Montgomery. If you're of the opinion he's going to be a good RB4 for my competitive team, good flex play for my competitive team, the Texans have the 28th, 38th, 59th, 69th, and 106th pick in the draft. And >> while this is not a very good running back class and there's not a lot of names to go around, they might be one of the few teams that go like, "Yeah, we'll take a sliding Jadarian Price or we'll take a sliding Jonah Coleman because we have the draft picks to do so and we need a long-term solution at this position." >> Yeah. And teams don't think rationally like us realistically. They could be bringing in Dave Montgomery. You know, fourth is a pretty penny for a near 29year-old running back on basically

what's a one-year deal. Just kind of what what that symbolized to me, Cory, is like we need a professional running back in this room. We don't care if we have to give up, you know, a fourth instead of a sixth to get it done. And that's basically what they ended up doing. But at the same time, it's like they could see, oh, Jonah Coleman, we have Dave Montgomery for this year and Jonah Coleman can, you know, be the replacement for Montgomery long term. Like that's how teams think. We as fantasy consumers are like, well, they have Montgomery. They're not going to take a running back. Teams view it as like what's it going to look like our running back room in 2027 and 2028. They kind of try to plan ahead. >> Yeah. So, again, view him as a one-year rental. Don't think you're going to get three years out of Dave Montgomery as the starter for the Texans. If you get more than one year, I would consider that a pretty big win. Uh let's talk about Tyler Algier, who in our rankings

was already ranked pretty aggressively, I would say, just because >> could have been higher. >> He could have been higher. Yeah. Let's talk about the the Arizona landing spot because he was RB 31 to35 for us in terms of our last trade value chart update. He is now RB 25 and 24 for us respectively. The situation in Arizona could have been more ideal. Like if they had let James Connor walk and it was just Tyler Algier and Trey Benson in addition to bringing back James Connor on a very short-term deal, kind of a legacy contract. I'm not overly concerned about like the money James Connor is getting paid. They also bring back Bam Knight who did an okay job for them um filling in for Trey Benson and Connor when they were injured and then Trey Benson who was injured last year and I still think has talent but we we haven't seen Connor or Benson be healthy. So that's that's the thing with Algier again very similar to the the Texans. This is a professional running

back that you can rely on when they were rolling out >> fifth and sixth string running backs at points last year. >> Like it's clear the upside here is oh he's healthy, he's proven. He's had 1,000 yards before in the past. It's like this could very well be this year's Javvante Williams just based off the archetype of running back, based off how he plays between the tackles, the physicality that he brings, the touchdown equity he could have in this offense, especially if Jacobe Brcett is able to, you know, keep up the level of play he showed last year. We'll see if he ends up being the starter. Obviously, they could go, you know, draft Tai Simpson and make him the starter on day one. But I do think so far in free agency, we thought maybe a Malik Willis would land there. That hasn't really happened. Jacobe Brassette at this point should be the presumed favorite for the quarterback job. And yeah, Tyler Alier, he's got talent. He's got pedigree.

Obviously was trapped behind Bejon Robinson. I did want a better landing spot though. Like I thought the Denver Broncos were going to be available. I thought that would be a match made in heaven. They obviously end up going with JK Dobbins. There was >> I actually think that this landing spot's better than Denver. Like I know from a schematic and like a maybe >> offensive line touchdown equity like >> again I get that from a a p a sure a sheer volume perspective. I think his touch workload could be a lot higher in Arizona than it could be in Denver. But that's just because I don't know what Arizona thinks of Trey Benson. It doesn't seem like they think too highly of him. And also James Connor is 31 years old coming off of a major injury. How much of a factor is he? Maybe a bigger factor than we're all thinking. I don't want to be the guy that doubts James Connor. That guy proves people wrong all the time. But Tyler Algier to me day one should get the upper hand the

le the leg up to start for this backfield. >> And also I kind of mentioned it with Bashial Tuten but like for every Bashial Tudin where the young explosive back gets the RB1 role it's like you also have the Trey Benson where they do everything in their power to keep him off the field apparently. >> Yeah. And like Taj Spears is another good example of like getting replaced when it seems like he's going to be the starter and that kind of thing. Again, Tyler Algier has to be a riser because at the very least he's going to be favored to start. Where do you think he goes in reddraft? This this is a question that I think would factor into his dynasty value. >> Well, he's got to be viewed as a dead zone running back just based off the fact that this is projecting to be maybe not so good of an offense. You do have some touch competition. He's kind of like the presumed guy to take the touches. I would say probably round five, round six is the area he goes.

>> You think he goes that high? Eh, >> well I mean like realistically if I if I take a look at the underdog rankings, he was going round nine prior to free agency and he goes up >> Yeah. 88.1 ADP. So what I I wouldn't even really consider that the dead zone. That's more like seven. >> Keep in mind though, Cory. So keep in mind, too, that's also going to be baking in the data before free agency. I do think when like the BBM opens, for example, his ADP is going to be closer to the 6070s. >> Okay. Yeah, I think at that price tag, I'd probably be out from a reddraft perspective, but it is it does kind of signal to his dynasty value that we're looking at a guy that does project for touches and he is only 26 years old and probably has two good years, three good years left in the tank. um his running style is not like really the type that ages super well, but I do think if you give him a 200 plus uh 250 plus carry workload, we're talking about a guy who

legit could finish top 15 even in this offense. >> Yeah. No, I I definitely agree. Um also Laflur as we know uh coming from, you know, San Francisco, obviously the the relation to his brother Matt, we always know what what's a constant with Green Bay and with San Francisco Cory, >> they can kind of just rotate and interchange backs whenever they feel like it. >> Well, I was going to just say a well schemed run game. Like that's the one thing at least I can hang my hat on here is that you're not just getting a poor scheme. You're getting a guy that knows and has experience with this type of scheme. Obviously working with Robinson. >> Yeah. And I think Javant is a good comp because that was a very ambiguous backfield. And I think this offense could be sneaky good. Like I think they have weapons on the outside. >> They're really good with down the stretch. >> Jacobe. We'll see if they like are the Tai Simpson team in the draft. But it's

possible that they add Tai Simpson as a rookie quarterback to elevate the play of the offense down the stretch like similar to what Tyler Shuck did or Jackson Dart did when he got in there for those two teams. So Algier versus Benson versus Connor is definitely going to be a conversation we're having all offseason I would imagine. And you know I'm going to probably be on the Algier side depending on the ADP, but I'll probably be weaving in some James Connor at very cheap costs. I'll probably be weaving in some Trey Benson potential upside for his you know I I keep saying the word upside for Benson. really want to stop, but in theory, he should have a lot of upside if he can stay healthy. Let's talk about JK Dobbins, who also, this one's pretty straightforward as well. We saw him in this role last year. We know exactly probably what we're getting as far as a split is concerned. I think that RJ Harvey and uh him will be very much the headache for fantasy but good for real life NFL type of split

where JK Dobbins when you you see how he was performing at the beginning of the season. For the first five games of the year, we were talking about a legit top 15 running back who was handling the goal line work, getting somewhere between 11 and 20 carries per game, depending on game script. >> Yeah. And you ask me right now in reaff who I prefer between RJ Harvey and JK Dobbins. At the very minimum, all I'll say is if there's a, you know, three, four round discrepancy here, I'm definitely taking JK Dobbins. But even straight up, I would be tempted to because I think Shawn Payne's kind of made it known. He doesn't trust Harvey between the tackles. We saw Dobbins get that work last year. And I think in an ideal world, Dobins is your between the tackles, goal line equity guy, and R.J. Harvey is your space back that can work on third downs. >> Yeah. And as we know with JK, there's the lingering this dude can't stay on the field concern. Uh obviously, but at

the same time, when he is on the field, you can see like 11.59 points per game last year. that was with him leaving a game um pretty early kind of being banged up in general and then when he was last like fully fully healthy with the Chargers like again 14.75 points per game when at the time JK Dobbins was going in the pick 160s or something like that I don't know where Dobbins's ADP is going to settle my guess would be that it's somewhere between pick 90 and 110 if I had to guess if Harvey's going in like the 60s or the 70s I think Dobbins will probably go in round eight round nine and like you said at the very minimum at cost will probably prefer Dobbins but We get reports in the offseason as, you know, offseason goes along, we get some more confirmation. Maybe Dobbins is the one that we actually want. >> Yeah. No, we'll obviously see what the narrative ends up being, but people are going to be out on Dobins because he's missed games. But if the opportunity

cost is cheap enough, I do think you pick him between 90 to 110, especially if you're in your home leagues, let's just say hypothetically, you're going to have the opportunity to be able to flip them. >> Yeah, for sure. So, let's pivot over to the wide receiver position. And a couple of big moves happened. Um, let's talk about the domino that fell versus the trans like the the effect of the domino falling. Let's talk about Mike Evans going to the San Francisco 49ers. We'll talk about the Buccaneers impact in a second, but Mike Evans, both of us had him ranked wide receiver 52 going into the offseason. A lot of that baking in the fact that he could have retired like that was we didn't know what his future was going to hold in his career. Obviously, we know how consistent he's been even last year with all the injuries marring, you know, otherwise a pretty good season when he was on the field, when he was healthy and playing a full aotment of snaps. This was a guy

that was still producing multiple top 24 weeks. Guy that you could rely on to, you know, find the end zone most of the time because of how big and physical he is in the red zone. So, now he goes to San Francisco. San Francisco presumably not going to bring back Jawan Jennings. Obviously, Brandon Iayuk was already designated as a cut. We don't know if they'll add more in the draft. It's possible they add a KC Conpsion or a Denzel Boston or something at pick number 27, but it feels like they have other needs. So, I think that they're going to roll into this season and into next season based on the length of the deal that they sign um with Mike Evans as potentially their number one receiver. >> Yeah. And honestly, you look at the overall core there, you have Evans, big body, you know, 65, 230 lb X wide receiver. You have Paw Pearl as your movement Z, which I do think when he's healthy, he can absolutely fill that role. We'll see what ends up happening with George KD obviously coming off the

Achilles whether it is him or Tongis. I think Tongis showed flashes to be at least you know a capable starting tight end and obviously if KD is able to return to form you're getting one of the best tight ends in the league. I think right off the bat with Shanahan with the way Pertie was playing, you should expect this to be at least, you know, a top five to eightish level offense. And I do think with Mike Evans, he has shown touchdown equity. And we saw last year a big return in terms of, you know, the 49ers passing the football because that was the one narrative that we kept saying like, "Oh my god, Birdie's not throwing the football. You, you know, they're sole relying on Christian McCaffrey down the stretch." Obviously, McAffrey was still really, you know, good overall last year in fantasy, but a lot of that more so came in the passing game. We could very much make the case that with Christian McCaffrey, how far did he fall off as a rusher, man? >> Yeah, I mean, they weren't efficient on

the ground for sure. And uh like you said, it kind of forced their hand as far as like they needed to pass more in the red zone and they also like just need to pass more in general. So yeah, if if those red zone looks now because KD's coming off of the Achilles injury, we also don't know like he was of course going to be a big part of their red zone offense before at least at the beginning of the season, we could see Mike Evans get out to a really nice start, really hot start. I mean the concern for Evans at this point in his career is yeah ham hamstring injuries and injuries in general kind of derailing his season. It's very possible, you know, of course I would never wish this on Mike Evans. He's my favorite player in NFL history, but it's very possible we do get a Julio Jones with the Titans situation. A um you know, I'm trying to think of even Keenan Allen with the Bears like kind of situation where it's like ah you know, it's like not a super high level fantasy

asset. His ADP from a reddraft standpoint, I'm curious to see what it is. Where do you think it ends up, man? Because like I it's got to be in the first seven rounds for sure. >> Oh, I I think wherever Devonte Adams goes, he'll be within a full round. >> I would need a I was going to say I'd need at least a round between him and Adams just bas four turn pick or a four or early fourth round pick. I'd say Evans is probably the end of the fourth round. I He's going to be somewhere between early four on the high end, mid fifth on the low end. That would be my guess. >> Probably around that range. Um, going to be fascinating and obviously people are going to make their jokes, you know, Mike Evans hamstring issues, electrical substation. They're going to, you know, like tweet out a GIF of like when people do the the turkey legs and it just falls off the bone, >> it'll be like Mike Evans hamstring the minute he practices at that substation.

>> Yeah. I mean, it's a real concern. Like it sounds like there's actual scientific evidence behind it. And the player that I would not want to go to that situation is the guy who has chronic hamstring issues dating back to early in his career and now he's 33 years old going into >> Yeah. who's also 6'5 230 lbs. Like there's a lot of hamstring for for you to be able to pull at that size. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Um let's jump over to the Buccaneers impact of this of this move. Um, most of us were kind of I mean, I wasn't willing to admit it, but a lot of people did kind of bake it into the rankings a little bit on the site that Amecha Buuka might be kind of resurgent into the wide receiver one role because, you know, he's 23 years old. He was a top 20 pick in the NFL draft prior to his own hamstring injury and the fact that he kind of the offense just cratered across the board with offensive line play and Baker Mayfield not playing well, receiver injuries,

defensive wos, everything went wrong for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers down the stretch last year. But when you pull up the comps of guys that come out and have even the season he did have the 11.51 PPR points per game, you get a really nice comps list of hilarious DK Metaf Cooper Cup, uh T. Higgins, Devonte Smith, Stefon Diggs. And again, this is keeping in mind how good he was at the beginning of the season. >> Well, that's why I mean his chart on the left is hilarious because you see all those huge games in the first 10 weeks and then not a not a not a not a No, no. Yeah. Well, I mean you pulled up the overall but it was on the left side there. You see, like he got the wide receiver three in in week 10 and I was ranking him, you know, as a wide receiver one, wide receiver two in the wide receiver ranking show and then after that he didn't get a single week as a top 35 wide receiver. >> Yeah, >> he was hurt but like >> he was Yeah. And fascinating. >> Do I want to just sit here and make

excuses all day long for achuka? No. Like >> also sucked down the stretch went wrong, man. Like >> Yeah. to come out and in your first 15 games as a rookie with Mike Evans on and off the field, with Chris Godwin on and off the field, there's guys that are real legit dudes in the NFL. In the first 15 games, Amecha got a 27% target share. >> Yeah. >> Like that's extremely good volume commanding ability. So when people go, "Oh, he doesn't separate." And all this that people were talking about, well, you commanded 27% of the targets. You must have been open pretty often. >> Yeah. Or at least like, you know, uh part of it too was the ball placement of Baker. Again, hopefully for his sake, Baker bounces back, but it was clear he was playing hurt and it was clear that he wasn't playing at the level he did the previous two years. Obviously, we're going to need to him to play at that level in order for Ibuka to fully reach his ceiling. That's kind of what I baked in

a little bit more than you because you have him at 12, I have him at 14. I'm more so worried than Baker is. And obviously, you're going to be less worried because you've seen the highs and lows of Baker. So, you're more kind of prone to, you know, knowing that Baker's going to be able to bounce back maybe, but the vibes are just not the same with Tampa Bay like they were in 2023 and 2024 in my opinion. >> No. No. It's It's kind of what do you what do you buy into? Like I think that Zack Robinson will be a better play caller than Joshard. >> Absolutely. I agree with that. >> Is he going to be better than Liam Cohen? Absolutely not. But is he going to be better than Josh Gazard? I think so. And I also um believe that, you know, when our offensive line isn't rolling out a different starter combination every single week with three backups seemingly every single week, not one player on the Buccaneers offensive line played the whole season. Not one.

Like Graham Barton was the only one and he was playing left tackle for half the games. >> Yeah. No, that that definitely is wild. Um I I know a thing or two about random shuffles on the offensive line. Like, oh yeah, we're going to experiment Tyler Smith at left tackle. Like I know what that's about and trust me it sounds way better in theory than it actually does in practice. >> Yeah, it it's almost good that you get that season so that now everybody's a little bit more versatile and understands their role. But now ideally Cody Mel doesn't miss the entire year. Lucadi doesn't miss half the year. Tristan Warf doesn't start the season and not come back until week five or whatever he came last year and Graham Barton entering year three. He's still a young player. Like I still think this could be better one of the best offensive lines in football. So Amecha Ibuka definitely a guy on the rise. Um Chris Godwin. Um when we last saw him fully healthy, we of course saw 19.69

points per game in that Liam Con offense. I don't think that ceiling's coming back because of how well Liam was scheming that stuff up and what Evans does do when he's on the field to stretch the field. And I I think that they're going to address that field stretcher role position a little bit, but at the same time, Chris Godwin, 30 years old, coming off of the injury, he didn't really start producing until the end of the season. But when you look at the game logs, you go, "Okay, he was back on the field on a full-time snapshare capacity in week number 13 against the Arizona Cardinals, and he put up three straight top 33 weeks and then had a down game against Carolina, and then week 17 against Miami, was the wide receiver four." So, I think to me, all signs point to Chris Godwin kind of being resurgent in this new system. He's now the veteran in the room. I moved him from wide receiver 41, which is already pretty an aggressive ranking, I would say, for most people. you had him at 48.

I moved him up to 36, you have him at 44. I view Chris Godwin very similar to the other aging wide receivers in this range like a Courtland Sutton or like his team, his former teammate Mike Evans, where you're you're buying the production. You feel pretty decent about his projection. And again, I think that Zack Robinson specifically will help Godwin the most because I do think that big slot role that Drake London played, he can play. >> Yeah. And I understand the appeal from a from an upside perspective. I guess my counter would be because I do have him, you know, relatively lower than where you do. You mentioned you had him 41 before the move. I had him more so closer to 50. I moved him up to 44 because personally for me, I can't get him above Romeo Dobs. Obviously, we'll talk about him, but he goes to the Patriots on a, you know, pretty hefty contract. And I do think uh with Pier Saul, Robinson, Pitman, like you can argue versus those guys. I'm just a lot more worried about the version of Chris

Godwin we get going forward. I do think the guy we saw, yeah, for sure came off the injury in 2024. like I will give him some lenience there, but at the same time he looked like the W word. And obviously there is context there. That's very fair, but at the same time it's like I see an older wide receiver showing signs of decline. Like is he going to get healthier? Like that's going to be my main question. >> Health for sure, but I don't think you can argue he looked washed cuz he didn't play until week 13. Like he was not on the field. >> He he had one good game all year. >> What do you mean? He had three he had four games at the end of the year in which he actually played full-time snaps and he was a top 36 receiver in four or five games. >> Sure. Sure. It could be, you know, the Keenan Allen factor where like you're getting the volume to be able to overcome it. But I think the player himself didn't look like the prime Chris Godwin didn't even look like the start

of 2024 Chris Godwin. That is my worry. Like if the player is deteriorating, we could see, you know, Amecha take that leap. We'll talk about Jaylen McMillan. He takes a leap. Obviously, you guys bring back Odden. Obviously, like Od's not a big target commander, but he's like something there at least. So I if Godman's healthy and he goes back to playing like himself, it's probably going to look stupid by me, but I'm just baking in a little bit of risk factor there. >> Yeah, I I guess I'm just like I'm okay. >> You're optimistic. You're a Bucks fan. >> I'm take Yeah, I'm taking the swing on him being at least as productive of as the Courtland Sutton and Jacobe Myers of the world who are basically valued the same way. >> That's kind of my thought is that he'll be I'm not saying he'll go to back to 19 points per game. I'm saying that you should get 13 to 16 points per game out of them. >> Yeah. Like the difference would be I

have him at 44 behind some of the young wide receivers, but you mentioned some of those vets. Evans I have at 38 and I do have a sizable gap between Godwin versus the other vets like the Devonte Adams and the Courtland Suns of the world just because Ken Sutton I mean he's the unquestioned number one wide receiver on that team. I still have to see that from Godwin to be able to get back to that level because I do think I the favor to do so. >> Yeah, I mean I've brought up splits a million times. Franklin and him were basically even in targets. So I don't really agree with that take part of it but >> 13 points per game. We'll see if God can get back up to that because he was at 9.2. >> Yeah, J-Mack is the one that people are probably like going to go, "How could you not talk about him?" So, we're going to talk about him. Um J-Mack came into the season with like a broken neck. So, he had really no >> season. >> Yeah. Preseason game. Didn't really have

a lot of expectations on him in 2024. Of course, a lot of people remember at the end of the year ripped off a bunch of games where he scoring touchdowns. He scored what, nine, seven touchdowns or eight touchdowns in the last five games of the 2024 season. Again, you do got to remember that was the Liam Cohen offense. Chris Godwin was hurt at that point in time. And uh J-Mack was getting a lot more snaps than you know what I think he'll get this year and targets that I think he'll get this year because I think Ibuka and Godwin will be like your two wide receiver set receivers. Jay Mack will come in kind of move around the formation. Maybe Godwin goes into the slot in three wide receiver sets. But I know they like Tess Johnson quite a bit as well. And it's possible that in round three to five we add like Jeff Caldwell to stretch the field and that adds a different element to this offense. So J-Mack I think is an intriguing player. I have him. We were wide receiver going into the the the

cycle here. Wide receiver 61 and 75 respectively. He's wide receiver 54 and 56 for us now. If you go I'm not a big Acha Iuka guy. I'm not a big Chris Godwin guy. Well then you should be pretty bullish on Jaylen McMill. I guess that's the way that I look because I'm bullish on the top two receivers. I'm a little bit less bullish than I think some people will be on Jaylen McMillan and I'm also a little bit more bullish on Tez Johnson being a little bit more of a factor too. >> I guess the counter would be unless you're just lower on the offense as a whole because I do think the EPA that we saw in 2023 2024. Again, it's not going to get that that up to that level, but I just have concerns of this being a good offense. Obviously, you're a lot more on board with it because you've seen like the stretches of when it does look good. I just have a little bit more worry. I think Chris Godwin's deteriorating as a player and I also think Baker Mayfield

shows some very big negatives that I'm scared of. >> Yeah, I think that's fair across the board. I guess like I said, my point for J-Mack is Tez was a a full-time starter for a big stretch of that middle portion of the season and was productive and had good games and was able to score touchdowns and, you know, make big plays and stuff. Hopefully, he gets on a weight and strength and conditioning program, beefs up a little bit because that was a huge problem for him last year and when he was coming out of the draft as well. But all around good news for the Buccaneers pass catchers with no Mike Evans there. Uh let's move into the other kind of big move that happened here was DJ Moore getting traded to the uh Buffalo Bills. DJ Moore in his career has been relatively consistent. You look across the board there, you have a bunch of seasons where you go, you okay, couple of thousand yard seasons, couple of six plus touchdown seasons over the last couple years. >> Two.

>> Yeah, that big one was that that Bears season where he did have the outlier touchdowns, the big performances. But I would argue that when you're in the Buffalo Bills offense and you're playing at a 900 to,00 yard talent level, you can have an outlier 138 because you play with Josh Allen. >> Yeah. And obviously I don't think that uh DJ Moore is at this player's level. But I mean Diggs never really had his big production years until he landed with Josh Allen. Like he was more so you know a,000 to 1150 when with when he was with the Minnesota Vikings. he goes to Buffalo and that's when you see the 14, 15,600 yard type of year. So, we'll see what happens with Mo. I don't think he's as consistent enough of a separator to be able to get to that peak. But at the same time, like could he get 1,200 yards? Could he get eight touchdowns? Could he get 130 targets on this team? There's a very real opportunity because his biggest competition for touches is

going to be Khil Shakir and Dalton Concade. >> I I think that 2023 Stefon Diggs, his final year in Buffalo, is not a terrible comp. 99 receptions on 122 targets, 1123 yards, five touchdowns. Anybody who drafted on Diggs in like the first round or whatever, was absolutely disappointed with that season. But DJ Moore, you telling me he can't have 1123 and five touchdowns with Josh Allen on 123 targets? Diggs that season had a 20 had a 30% target share. But keep in mind, they also really really ran the ball like crazy that year. So I I think we're talking about if he's a 25% target share player, which he's basically been his entire career, yeah, you could pretty easily projection yourself into a top 24 receiver, a top 15 even receiver on on a good season. And DJ Moore, we had him 46 and 39 before this because we did have him kind of we thought he might get traded, but we didn't know where he was going to go. And then he gets nutted out to the Buffalo Bills and now we both

have him wide receiver 30. >> Yeah, this is best case scenario. like he could have went to an absolute poverty team and said he's the wide receiver one presumably presumably for Josh Allen. And on the site here, um I am at 95, you have him at 95. And uh we're kind of like the I would say like the mid-range of the rankings. Uh Zack kind of being an outlier along with Mason, but everything else pretty much between 88 and 99. >> Yeah. Again, DJ Moore is a good receiver. Is he the same level of receiver that he was? Like I saw some people like comparing what he last was like with Joe Brady when he was like a thirdyear player with the Carolina Panthers. It's like we can't really do that. But it is good to know that the the play caller has some familiarity with him. He did have I think his second best season of his career with Joe Brady in 2020. So yeah, 14.1 points per game. Very solid season on 15 games. >> Again, very very good receiver. We know that he's a good receiver. I think that

people are are are quick to say how much worse he is than maybe the numbers indicate. I think he is a top 30 receiver in the NFL and if you play with Josh Allen, you're going to be a potential top 20 receiver in the NFL in production just because of who you play with. >> So, where do you think his ADP ends up? Because I think he's probably going to be what, maybe a fifth round pick. >> I I would guess that he'll go relatively similar to where he was going last year. Early fourth round would be my guess, >> right? Yeah. I guess the market would also be higher on the player than we are. Uh cuz they were draft most casual players are going to go he's Josh Allen's number one receiver now. We'll see what they do in the draft, too, because they they could also add another big-time fish in the draft if they draft like a Denzel Boston or something like that with their first round pick that >> maybe you're you're factoring in DJ Moore, maybe more of a fifth or a sixth

round pick at that point. But I like the landing spot. I kind of am annoyed that I sold most of my shares prior to this happening of DJ Moore going into last offseason I was selling a lot of shares and even mid-season this year, I was selling a lot of shares. >> Yeah. Which I mean, worst case scenario, you said he was going in the early fourth last year. if he ends up making up the exact same market value, did you really take an L? >> No, not really. Um, we could probably pivot to how he affected the rest of the Bears pass catchers. Now, quickly, but we're not going to talk about Coulson Love, we already had him tight end three, so we the market's caught up to us. He's definitely the clear-cut tight end three, and I would argue of the three pass catchers, Odun, Burden, and Lovelin, the one that I actually feel the most confident in, like beating their ADP, achieving their market value, is Lovelin. I feel like he is the one that I feel most confident of the three

of them cuz we saw when it mattered most. He was their guy. >> Well, that's what the thing with Lovelin again. He's been tight end three for me all off seasonason. I saw what I needed to see down the stretch and in the playoffs. Like, call me crazy, but at the same time, guess what? This guy's 22 years old. Trey McBride is 27. It's kind of viewed right now in the market that there's a huge, you know, tear gap between Lovelin and the top two tight ends. But what's stopping him and Bowers from being tight end one and two in Dynasty by the end of this year? Especially knowing the age complex there. >> Yeah, he he was just ripping off great performance after great performance. You see age 21 tight ends and you got like the duo of Patriots tight ends there at the top. Like you look at even just year one tight ends having the season that he had and you feel pretty good about like you know having you could call his season like on par with as impressive of like Sam Leaportas and stuff. And then

again, you got to keep in mind the context of him splitting snaps with Cole KT and all that kind of stuff. So yeah, I I'm definitely there with you on Loveland. I think he's is the the pass catcher I feel most confident in. And you could see because I'm a coward and a lot of people are cowards that we have Odun and Burden in the expert rankings basically backtoback. Odun is kind of like the Acha Buka of this core where it was like yeah that stop the season man holy crap was he good at the beginning of the season. Like you go from weeks 1 to 10, how productive truly was um Romo Dun? I'm going to pull up the splits right now because I'm curious what he was in wide receiver PPR land weeks 1 to 10. He was a >> Yeah, he was a top 17 receiver weeks 1 to 10 with 14.3 points per game. >> Well, Corey, another puzzling thing for how I ended up at Denny's is like I got Roma Dunes completely disappearing down the stretch. We've talked about Justin Jefferson before. we can go on record

every single player on that team like what the happened because >> what happened genuinely and I think the injury is the biggest you know reason here >> but I also do think again the reason why I have him third of the Bears pass catchers in my overall rankings is I will talk about Luther Burton in a sec but I do prefer Luther Burden going into next year than Roman Dunay however if you want to be on the proponent of he's next wide receiver he's playing a lot of snaps he al obviously got hurt we saw what he looked like when he was healthy like I think that's a very reasonable stance to have. I just think the overall top end we saw from Burden I prefer to Odun. >> Yeah. So for me because I'm an Odun over Burden slightly like I'm not going to say it's outrageous over Burden >> because Odun is entering his prime. He's gonna be 24 this year, a year three wide receiver. I think the mental side of the game probably year two of Ben Johnson's

offense will slow down for him a little bit more than it'll slow down for Burden. Just because Burden's only a year two player. He's two years younger than Romo Dun, which again from a dynasty perspective you could argue is a good thing. Definitely would be. I just think the other challenging thing with this is that none of these guys went off at the same time. Odun was the beginning of the season. Middle to end of the season is when we saw Burden start to take a step forward and then in the playoffs it was Lovelin. So with all of these guys, I think you can argue that yeah, they're going to cannibalize each other. And for me in an offense that I think is going to be a very good offense, an offense that I think I want the downfield and red zone targets of, that's kind of where I'm at with Bur with uh Odun slightly over Burden. Ultimately, I think we're going to look up at the end of the calendar football season and go, it was close. One of them finished wide receiver 13, one of them

finished wide receiver 19 or something like that. I tend to agree as well. Again, I have Bird of 15 and Ounce at 17. But with that being said, like the guy that we are both on and we just mentioned, Coulson Lovelin had 48 targets in the team's final four games. Season on the line, everything at stake. 10 targets against the San Francisco 49ers in a close loss. 13 targets in a close loss to the Detroit Lions, 15 targets in that playoff win against the Green Bay Packers, 10 targets in that playoff loss against the Rams in overtime. When the team needed to win, when the team needed to put up points down the stretch, Coulson Loveland was getting the single best overall volume of any tight end in the league. >> Yeah. No, he absolutely was. And it's interesting when you pull up the comps here because it's easy for us to go, okay, how did they end the season? But the thing I do like about putting these comps into perspective is that it is very matterof fact. How many points per

game did he average as a rookie, that factors in everything. Most rookies come in and are competing with veterans. That's that's a reasonable thing across the board that you can expect. The fact that his age 22 season, which Odun was 22 this year as a secondyear player, is comparable. It does make me think, okay, when I look at year one, it's very similar to what Odun did. When I look at the age22 season versus Romo Dunce's age22 season as well in 2024, like that's the thing that I get worried about with with Luther Burton is that we can >> context though. I know I know that everybody's playing the context game though. If nobody was talking about the context, that would be interesting. But everybody's doing what you're doing, which is on a per route basis, on a per game basis when he got the snaps, how good was he? I'm actually thinking that the reverse might be more true for my opinion of Luther Burden, which maybe there is more, you know, five five

target, three catch, 46 yard, and zero touchdown games than I'm giving credit for. >> Again, 45% of the snaps. Like, we got to take it for what he actually did. Realistically, >> I know that it's just it's a small sample size bias. It's the same thing I was worried about with Rashid Rice. It's the same thing I've been worried about with other players. I just think that when we see Burden versus Odun, we're gonna we're gonna see what it actually truly looks like on a full season basis. >> I'm much more in the camp. When you flash the talent, I'm willing to buy in. Uh you were against Rasheed Rice and obviously I was before Rasheed Rice. It was a very similar like you said kind of outing where it's like small sample but at the same time sample was very elite. I do think with Luther Burton you see the yards run. You know the opportunity inherently is going to increase. And I do think in an offense where it's those two at wide receiver, Lovelin as your

tight end, you're looking at one of the better offenses in the entire league. On top of that, second year in Ben Johnson scheme, we could definitely see the role, which is why Burden of the two of them was more on the rise. Like, yeah, like I had Odun wide receiver 16 before the Moore trade. I have him wide receiver 16 now. Burden I had at 22 and now I have at 18. So, I think that Burden is the bigger winner of the of the Moore trade because he is the one that plays the more role. >> Yeah. Yeah, and I do I do think it's reasonable. Again, like it's not like you're low on burden. I have him at 15, you have him at 18. There's only a three spot discrepancy. And that discrepancy is made up for the fact that I have Odun after him and you have Odunce before him. So, I think we're pretty much on the same page that page that the Bears offense is an offense that we want to be targeting and there's a very real possibility Caleb Blooms even takes an MVP leap in year two on that scheme.

>> Yeah, for sure. Let's talk about the uh Romeo Dobs and we can kind of speed these up a little bit because they're a little bit more cut and dry here. Romeo Dobs signs to the New England Patriots on pretty big money deal and um again we know >> the highest on him >> I guess. So I with >> I feel pretty confident in saying that I he'll be fantasy relevant. He'll be a guy that >> deep PPR leagues, three wide receiver, two flex full PPR reddraft leagues probably a very good target for you because he's durable. He's productive. He just and maybe he has a higher ceiling now because the Patriots offense and Drake May and we'll see what they do with the rest of the wide receiver position and you know pass volume I think is more in the favor of the Patriots offense than the Packers offense. >> Touchdown upside too I would say >> ultimately >> but ultimately this is a 10point per game receiver in his career. This is a

700 6 to 700 yard six touchdown receiver in his career. It's not like if he has a thousand yards and eight touchdowns it would be a pretty big step forward. >> Yeah. And I guess I would counter a little bit like the Packers obviously like he played the most snaps on the Packers but we did see from a rotational target perspective like Wix would come in and Jaden Reed and obviously Matthew Golden was kind of on the back burner but like there was a lot of target competition craft when he was healthy too. I do think there's a scenario where he could end up being the number one with New England. Obviously we saw Stefon Diggs despite not playing more than 70% of the roads he was operating as that true number one target. I'm very curious to see what the hierarchy of targets is in New England, knowing that Digs is gone, knowing that that they give all that money to Romeo Dobs, knowing that Romeo Dobs has had instances where he's flashed, you know, wide receiver to upside. Again, I'm not

going to call him that. I have him at 43, but I do think a 26-y old receiver on the contract that he signed working with Drake May. Could he be a more consistent version of like what Kan Booty added to the offense at times? >> I actually think that if he was as good as Diggs was last year, that would be a pretty big win. >> I agree. And um >> is a wide receiver too. >> Yeah. I I guess ultimately my worry here is that in a receiver core that had Jaden Reed injured most of the year that Matthew Golden wasn't really a major contributor. Christian Watson wasn't back on the field until you know October or November. >> Romeo Dobs still only managed a 20% target share. Like it was a pretty desolate receiver core for a significant period of time. Tucker Craft also missed half the season with an ACL tear as well. So while there was things that didn't it's not like everything happened at once. Like at the beginning of the season, Craft was there. At the end of

the season, Watson was there, etc. There was like one good receiver at all times for Romeo Dobs to compete with and he couldn't manage more than the 20% target share. So, yes, he goes from wide receiver 55 in my rankings in dynasty to wide receiver 43 in my rankings in dynasty. And that's a big time upgrade because I like the contract insulation. I like the fact that he's playing with Drake May. Similar to what I just said about DJ Moore, even if Romeo Dobs is only the 40th best receiver in the league or the 45th best receiver in the league, he could end up having a top 30 season because he plays with Drake May. >> Yeah. And I my other counter I guess would be um so Drake May and Jordan Love were both sub 30 attempts per game. Again, keep in mind there was context for Drake May like they were up in games. He was kind of, you know, resting in the second half kind of bad schedule. >> Yeah. But even despite having a similar amount of attempts per game, knowing inherently that Stefon Diggs was only

realistically playing less than 70% of the routes, he still averaged nearly 260 passing yards per game. We could see in a more competitive first place schedule next year, maybe he's up to 34, 35 plus pass attempts per game. We know he's a quarterback that's capable of a volume uptick. Then at that point all of a sudden here is there, you know, a 40, 50, 55 yards per game discrepancy between him and Love next year? >> Maybe. Yeah. I I think it's also possible too that like the best ball nature of Romeo Dobs being good is less of an issue this year because he's on a team where he's going to be higher in the pecking order. Maybe he's a little bit more consistent and that gets him to 12 to 14 points per game as opposed to this year and years past he's just been like, "Yeah, he'll have his two or three touchdown games." And that's where you get there in terms of like a best ball pick paying off. But from a dynasty perspective, do you feel good about

putting this guy in your lineup? Yes or no. I tend to lean towards more no if you're a real true contender with six or seven better receivers. But we'll see. Maybe he elevates his game and he becomes like a staple top 36 play this year. >> Yeah. No, he's definitely going to be fascinating because ultimately here there's a a ton of ceiling to be able to have here with Drake May. I mean, you're having the MVP runner-up quarterback that is going into year three. that's going to throw the football more. It's like hitting on whoever his wide receiver one is is going to be one of the biggest wins. And to me, the early favorite in that would be a guy like Romeo Dobs. And we'll see if they add a receiver in the draft. Maybe they, you know, a Denzel Boston falls for them and they can't pass up at that point. Like I think that could make sense. But realistically, as the status quo currently is 20 plus million per year, I think the deal was signed or 17.5.

>> It was a lot. It was a lot of money. >> It was reported different figures by different reporters, too. That was such a weird like reporting of his contract. Like we had different years and different numbers from like four different like well-known NFL reporters. >> Yeah, I think these comps make sense to me. Like uh year four receiver with 10 points per game, Jameson Crowder, Jerry Judy, Courtland Sutton, Kendrick Bourne. You see what they do the next year right after that. Like having a Courtland Sutton type of like year in terms of what Courtland Sutton normally produces being what Romeo Dobs produces. That would be a pretty big pretty big win I would say for what you're expecting out of him. Uh the the biggest winner I think of Dobs leaving is Christian Watson who as we saw at the end of last season, keep in mind he was coming off of a blown knee um where he tore his ACL the year before. >> He was awesome, man. He had what what is that four top 12 weeks in his 10 games

or whatever that he ended up playing. He's a big play guy. He's a touchdown scoreer. I would say that Dob's leaving, opening up the routes for Golden, for Reed. Reed hasn't been able to stay healthy. Neither has Watson for what it's worth. Golden hasn't really proven a lot. If they don't add significant piece, a significant piece to this receiver core, Craft is coming off an ACL tear himself. I think that Christian Watson could out could get out to a scorching start. Could legitimately be a top 12 wide receiver the first five to 10 games of 2025 or 2026. >> Yeah. And I I already had him higher than you going into the offseason cycle cuz uh I I mean I've had him above Jaden Reed. Um I obviously >> I he's the highest rated Packers receiver by far. >> Ju just just making sure that that that we're on the same page there. I had him higher going into the off seasonason. So he moved up slightly for me because obviously there's a possibility, you

know, Roman Dobs could have resigned, although I was kind of operating under the impression he was leaving. Um I'm the highest on the site at 108. Um, outside of Nathan and Sammy who do have them relatively low, everybody's kind of between that 108 to 115 range in terms of the other five graders. >> Yeah. No, absolutely. I think this is a guy that belongs to go somewhere between the fifth sixth round of reddraft, I would say, is probably where you got to draft. I'm not sure exactly where he's going right now, but you look at the comps there, like 13 points per game in your year four of your career. He also is kind of up for a contract extension, which will be a heavily motivating factor for him. You see what like DeAndre and DK in 2016 to 2017. Yeah. JMO uh and uh DK Metaf, Christian Kirk even. Like you you could easily get a 14 plus point per game season out of this receiver and maybe even like a 16 18 point per game uh season, >> higher volume version of like what

Pierce did this year where Pierce was just ungodly efficient except you know the volume down the stretch kind of fell off. He wasn't getting a ton of targets. At least we know with Watson like if you're getting five and a half to six and a half targets with the deep route or the the deep arsenal that he has to his game like could we could we be looking at a 70 yards per game 6.7 touchdown per game type of receiver? >> Yeah. And it's not like he's never been good. Like in his rookie year we were all excited about him as a secondyear player. He was you know banged up but he still was productive on a per game basis. Like this is a guy that in back-to-back seasons has averaged over 2.5 yards per run. like this is there's there's signals here saying that he actually could have like an 18 point per game season and be one of the biggest smash picks in the mid rounds of wide receivers. >> There's upside there. On top of that, he hasn't even turned 27 yet.

>> Yeah. No, for sure. So, Christian Watson definitely on the uptick. Again, you could, you know, Jaden Reed maybe a little bit more appealing. Matthew Golden a little bit more appealing now. Tucker Craft a little bit more appealing that Romeo's gone. that opens up some targets, that frees up some snaps, especially I'd say Golden from a snap share perspective will reap the benefits of that, but also Watson and Reed and those type of guys. Let's speed round the rest of these guys because I don't want to be in here too long. Londell Robinson, we all expected him to go to the Tennessee Titans. I do I will say he's only 25 years old and he just had a top 19 point per game season. So, we now look at a situation where Calvin Ridley's there, but he's 31. Maybe they still cut him, maybe they still trade him. We're not exactly sure. It doesn't look like they're going to use the fourth pick on a receiver. I think it's much more likely they would take

Jeremiah Love, which would help the offense, but keep kind of Wanddale's role open. And if you recall, Cam Ward in college, his favorite receiver was Xavier Restreo, who's also a slot receiver. So, he's very well equipped to throw over the middle of the field and feed Wandel. What has he got in target totals the last two years? >> 140. >> 140 straight. Two straight years of 140 targets. Is it possible he makes it three straight in this offense? By the way, arguably the most hilarious discrepancy of usages I've ever seen. Going from the exact same basically amount of targets and receptions and just adding what is that 320 receiving yards on? 350. >> This is a guy too only three and four touchdowns. Like touchdowns are not predictable. Like yes, he's a slot receiver and he's probably going to score less touchdowns than Mike Evans or something. But you get 140 targets out of Well Robinson and he spikes a couple of big plays, couple of broken coverages, seven, eight touchdowns.

We're talking about a guy who could finish as a top 15 receiver this year in fantasy. >> Yeah. And another reason why it is now Denny lad is because I had him in the flock league and I gave him up for peanuts because I'm like, "Okay, there's surely no way he keeps doing it." And he kept doing it for another nine games. It felt like >> Yeah. Wandale, I mean any the reality of your your situation here in the the Flock League was any move you made was wrong. >> Anything worked wrong. Yeah, it was bad. >> But Wandelle very good, very productive this season. What five games of top 18 production like >> 10 plus DPR points per game on most of his weeks. like 60% of the time he was giving you a solid floor and also had a nicer a much better ceiling than we had seen in years past from him because like you said that that season where he had like 600 yards on 140 targets is absolutely brutal. But yeah, I moved him up. I had him at wide receiver 44 or

something like that. I just kind of talked myself into maybe even having him higher now. But he he's wide receiver 41. I probably should get him inside the top 40 because he is still only 25 years old, too. That's the other part. He's People probably think he's like 28. Yeah, like him versus Pier Saul versus guys like that are kind of like the discussion that I have in my rankings, but um yeah, he's gotten the payday. He's gotten the opportunity potentially to be the number one in terms of targets on this team as well. And we know Brian Dull can use him. And not to mention, not only can use him, but use him in very different type of packages. Like we saw in 2024 the around the line of scrimmage gimmicky type of stuff, but we also saw him being used as more of a vertical slot in 2025. I also think that's just a function of the quarterback that they had in New York. We trust Cam Ward to be able to stretch the field. So, I do think we're gonna see more so the 2025 usage.

>> Yeah, exactly. Cam Ward's not the stylistic quarterback that the 2024 Giants had rolling out there, which was like very conservative. Was it like Daniel Jones, Tommy Devito, Drew Lock combination that year. So, like you're not looking at what Cam Ward can do stretching the field. Again, remember that Xavier Restrepo was very productive with Cam Warden in college and he's a much worse slot receiver than than Wandell Robinson. People underrate how good Juanell actually is. Um, speed round of the quarterbacks and tight ends here. The only real big risers and not really a riser, just a guy that we need to address because he is now a starting quarterback who is very, very productive when he starts. Malik Willis, 27 years old, gets a contract that is effective, it's effectively a one-year deal. They can eat the the cap, no problem. I wish he would have gotten more money. That's kind of my one worry with Willis is that if he had gotten like three for 90 with two years fully guaranteed. I' I'd put

him all the way inside the like Bryce Young CJ Strad range because from a pure production standpoint, we know that you see those final games with the Packers, 44 rushing yards on 10 carries, rushing yards and two touchdowns on nine carries. He is going to run the ball like crazy for Miami. The question that a lot of people probably have, myself included, is is this a one-year rental? Is this exactly what Justin Fields was last year? >> Maybe. Again, I I do have him above uh Bryce Young, though. I just think the fantasy ceiling here. Yeah, I I think there's legitimately a top 10 per game fantasy ceiling. And I do >> I don't disagree. I just think >> I think he's a much better quarterback multi-year starter. That's my worry, >> which is fair, but a I also think Miami is going to be better than like a top five type of pick. And I also think the quarterback class in 2027 is overrated based off what people are saying. I do think Arch and Dante Moore are very good

quarterback prospects. But outside of that, like people are going to say like Julian's saying, "No, thank you." The one guy outside of those top two that I would feel comfortable at this point, again, we'll see what ends up materializing in the season taking in the first round would be Jada Mava. And like to me, I'm looking at, you know, three quarterbacks out of the landscape where everybody's kind of projecting, oh, six or seven guys could end up emerging. Like realistically, two or three of those are actually going to make strong cases for first round picks. Yeah, I'd say u if we get more than two and a half overunder quarterbacks in the first round, you should feel pretty good about it. I mean, I like Darian Mensah. I like, you know, um Messa Maker. I think Sellers has some upside. Like there there's enough guys that I And also too, like >> I personally think that the Dolphins are going to have a top five pick. And if the Dolphins have a top five pick, then

I would be very worried about Malik Willis's job security. So that's why I would not put him over Bryce Young. If I had more certainty about his job security long term, I would say like very easily he'd be a top 18 dynasty quarterback. It's just that I don't feel that way. I think that he's gonna have to play his way like Tyler Shuck did into the Dolphins having the 14th pick in the draft. Like he's got to play well enough that they are not picking high to take his replacement. >> Yeah. Part of it is I'm just lower on Bryce Young than you are. And part of it is that I do think there's more staying power here from Willis. >> Yeah, I the staying power is my worry. I have no doubt in my mind that he's going to be productive when on the field for reddraft. I'm going to be much higher on him than I am for Dynasty because I know that and also too like Fields had Tyrod behind him. I don't think there's like a risk that Fields or that Willis gets

benched the way that Fields got benched. Um and also the regime likes him more. They were with him in Green Bay and that kind of thing. So again, more staying power than Justin Fields, but how much more is kind of my question around it. The other big one that we have here is Isaiah Likely who signed a three-year, I believe $40 million contract with the New York Giants. The New York Giants are in a situation now kind of where Baltimore was before with Isaiah Likely, which is what my worry was with Likely was is somebody gonna sign him to be their starting tight end and there's not going to be really a big contributing, you know, inline guy. And I think Theo Johnson is just enough of a good tight end to me that I worry about the route participation of Isaiah likely. Is it going to be similar to what we've seen in Baltimore where he's 50 to 60% of the snapshare guy or is he going to crack that 75 80% rail participation that we really do need from Isaiah likely for him to pay off um a tight end 11 in and

current price tag that he has right now. You have him tight end nine, I have him tight end 11. He's he's got to be a top 12 tight end this year for that to be worth it. >> I agree. Uh the couple things I will point out is a I actually do think that he's going to play more snaps than you're kind of anticipating. I do think when we're looking at the projection of the Giants offense, you can pretty much peg him into the big slot role because realistically, why else would you let Wandel Robinson walk? On top of that, I think Theo Johnson and him can coexist. We saw it with Anderson likely. I do think if we're getting more of a receiving lean towards likely in that capacity, there is a bigger upside here. So, ultimately, when I'm looking at it, what's really the difference in terms of our worries about his snaps than what we saw from Dalton Con? Now, obviously Dalton Con was efficient last year. You get DJ Moore added to that offense. you're already getting a situation where

he was losing a lot of snaps to Dawson Dawson Knox who they brought back on a three-year deal. I think they're very similar. They're back toback in my rankings and I think they should be in the same tier. >> I don't disagree, but my counter would be more pass volume, better athlete, former first round pick versus former fifth round pick. I I think that Concaid's a better tight end. If you if you don't, that's fine. I just >> comparable to me. >> Again, that's the territory. It's likely Gadson and Concincaid are in this weird territory right now where we're wondering how much routes they're going to run because there are inline tight ends that are going to take away routes from them. Whoever of those three guys ends up running the most routes on the season, let's say two of them run 60% of the routes and one of them cracks 80 85%. He's going to end up being far and away the best fantasy option. >> Yeah. And I guess we could extend that a

little bit to Chika Conquo. He obviously signs that deal with the Washington Commanders. Um, you have him up at tight end 23. I have him at tight end 28, but kind of in the same tier as 23. Yeah. I mean, like, pick pick your flavor here. If you like Chica Conko, I don't mind you ranking him where you do. For me personally, I'm kind of looking at it. I expect, you know, a significant receiver to still be added, whether that's Carnell Tate, Jordan Tyson, maybe a Mai Lemon at seven. Everything that I'm hearing from Washington reporters is that they still want to add a highkey wide receiver. And based off how the rest of their free agency has gone, you know, signing some edge rushers, signing a linebacker, kind of filling out those other needs, it kind of to me is still leaning wide receiver at seven. Although there, they're not going to pass him in my opinion single running back. If love is there, they're going to take him. >> I don't think he's going to be there.

That's kind of like the precipice of it. >> I guess if like you you already talked about the Giants maybe adding a defensive player. The Titans are the only real risk of taking Love in my opinion. feel like they need a defensive player more or if they feel like they need a wide receiver more or something like that. Um, then commanders are going to get Jeremiah Love. And in that case, uh, I like Chicka Conqu. I I think Chicka Conquo I'm not I've not been super high on the talent, but he's also been on like one of the worst teams in the league the last like four years. And on a per touch, per efficiency kind of target basis, he's been solid. And if Jaden Daniels gets back to what Jaden was playing like as a rookie, then Chika Conco tight end pretty easily, assuming he's getting the snaps. And if Z is no longer there, Sinn's not really an issue whatsoever. They're going to have blocking tight ends that factor in like John Bates or whatever. But um to me, if

Chig is like a 75 80% route participation guy, which he was commanding in Tennessee, but on the commanders, I think he's going to be a much better fantasy option and could be a top 12 guy. Maybe it's just again one of the bigger differences here is I think love goes forward and I think ultimately Washington takes a receiver and you tend to think that Titans are not going to take Jeremiah Jeremiah Love >> Washington to get Jeremiah Love. That's also part of it but we'll see what happens. >> Fair enough. I don't want to have to root against Jeremiah Love. Good. >> Couple of honorable mentions to Jacobe Brassette and Gino Smith are going to start at the beginning of the season. Cardinals are going to probably roll with Jacobe Brassette. Jets look like they're going to roll with Gino Smith. One of those two teams I would bet good money that one of them draft Ty Simpson. one of those two teams, Jets or Cardinals. It could be the Browns as well. The Browns are definitely a

factor. And you could also say, like an honorable mention, sneaky winner skyrocketing up the rankings in free agency is Sanders. It looks like he's going to have an actual chance to potentially start unless Deshun Watson is going to be the guy that they roll with. I don't know. Like, we'll see what happens there. But those three teams had they were like the teams without a dance partner. And and Kyler Kyler could still sign to one of those teams as well, but it sounds like he's going to go to the Vikings most likely. So, and Kyler was we were already kind of factoring in that he was going to get a decent starting job. So, he wouldn't really rise too much even if he does go to Minnesota for me. >> Yeah, that's definitely fair. A lot more stuff that can still happen. There are still some guys unsigned, but we wanted to obviously get this video out for you because you guys are waiting for it. You guys want to know, hey, I'm starting my dynasty startup tomorrow. Who should I

be, you know, kind of looking at in terms of where they were going going into the cycle? who's maybe listed lower in terms of your, you know, platform ADP, whether you're on Sleep or whether you're on, you know, another, you know, Dynasty platform. Understanding that maybe they haven't adjusted their order yet and you can get some values on some of these guys. >> Yeah. No, for sure. So, hopefully you guys got some value. Like we said, like, comment, subscribe, all that good stuff. Um, later this week, we are drawing names for our listener startup league that is linked down below in the pin comment. If you want to be in a league with us, we're going to be doing that startup next week pretty much. And it'll be Dynasty Superflex Baseball, but all the other rules will be voted on in the the listener league platform there. And if you guys want to join for free, you can. If you are a site subscriber, you get bonus entries. And of course to this weekend, we're dropping the second

edition of our or the third edition technically of our draft guide where we're going to be adding uh 15 more prospect profiles later this month as the pro days go along. The com the combine obviously over already. we're going to start to to really Frankenstein some of these profiles together and by early April we'll have the you know basically the final pre-draft edition where we have 50 55 60 player profiles with video breakdowns everything you guys should need to know to get ready for your rookie drafts and then of course postdraft we'll have the final edition of that and again you get bonus entries to get in the listener league if you're a site subscriber. So if you sign up right now for an annual get those bonus entries get access to version three of the draft guide. It's kind of a win-winwin and you get a free team review on top of that. So check that out if you guys are interested. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
