It is dynasty startup season for us. Our brand new listener league is kicking off and we thought it would make a lot of sense to break down some dynasty startup strategy as a result of this new draft going on. So today we're going to break down seven startup strategy tips for those of you guys that might be doing startups now or maybe you're going to wait till after the NFL draft to do startups. And we're going to go through a Dynasty Superflex mock draft. We usually do these live, but sometimes we get sidetracked talking about fiber intake or whatever we talk about on our live streams and u we >> random beef. Yeah. Cowboys versus Bucks. >> Exactly. We lose. We talk about Dak, how he's not a top 10 quarterback or whatever. We have >> the guy with Baker. >> Today we're going to we're going to break down a startup mock draft after we do these strategy points and we're actually going to focus on the draft and talk through our strategy here. So

Danny, let's get it kicked off here. We're going to talk through seven strategy points. Just some general stuff. We've talked about some of this stuff for years. Like you guys have been following us for a long time. None of this is going to be new, but we are going to kind of sprinkle in unique to this year what kind of startup strategy we're employing. >> Yeah, this going to be more from a macro perspective. Obviously, you know, we've done videos before from a micro perspective. Obviously year-to-year based off ADP micro strategy is going to differ. But from a macro perspective, the first thing we always tell you guys is that when you're going into a startup, when you find out who's in your league, when you find out overall the temperament of the room, your goal should be to evaluate the league market, understand what's going on around you, understand what kind of the general valuation is, and be able to understand what are going to end up being the hot

commodities come startup time. >> Yeah, for us it's pretty straightforward. All of our startups are with you guys. So, we assume that you're probably going to value, you know, young players highly and you're going to probably fade the running back position and you're gonna, you know, anchor your quarterbacks and all that kind of stuff. I hate tight ends. Maybe you share that opinion like Arthur, for example. But evaluating your league market is always specific to the person listening to this. So, that you guys, whoever's watching this right now, if you're doing a league, a league startup league with your friends, your league market is going to be vastly different than if you meet them in our audience. Your league market is going to be vastly different than if you meet them in Domain's audience or Mason's audience or whatever. So, whatever you can understand and even get a piece of paper, we've said this before. Get a piece of paper, write it all down. If

you know the people in real life, what does that guy usually do in his draft? Does he usually overvalue wide receiver? Does he usually never take a quarterback? Like, I did a video in the summer actually talking about my reddraft league and basically going through the tendencies of that as well. Yeah. And the other thing too, like are you based in Pittsburgh? people are going to draft Steelers high, you know, are people majority, you know, in their first league, second league, are they more so sharper players, been playing for four or five years? Like that sort of stuff is going to impact what eventually happens in the startup. You never want to be caught off guard in the startup. You always kind of want to have an idea of what you're getting into before it starts because ultimately, especially we advocate for eight hour clocks. You can use that clock time to your advantage. You can understand, hey, where are the pockets that I want to be to make this team in my vision? Whether that's based off the portfolio that you

have, whether that it's your first startup and you just want to build it in your image, like understanding what's going to happen around you is going to put you in the best position to succeed. >> Yeah. And strategy point number two we have here is is very simple. Every fantasy analyst ever has said this is knowing your league settings. Now, that statement is a lot more basic in reddraft than it is in Dynasty because you just actually made reference to one of them. Sometimes you're in a dynasty startup that is a fast draft and you don't have the opportunity to trade up and down the way that Danny and I do in eight hour clocks or 12-h hour clocks that pause overnight like most of our leagues are in. But league settings could also mean you've never played in a superflex league before. You need to understand superflex value of quarterbacks. You've never played in a tight end premium league before. You need to understand how the tight end position changes. Maybe it's a three

wide receiver three flex and you've only played in two wide receiver one flex type of leagues. >> Yeah. And the beauty of this over on flock fans, again, we'll mention the overall advantage of flock later on, but in terms of flock, like you can sort eightman league, 10man league, 12man league, you can sort how many flex spots are in your league. You can basically make those determinations over on the calculator. And on top of that, we do have both of our rankings for super flex and one quarterback league. So we try to make it as easy as possible for you guys as adapt as adaptable as we can for you guys because ultimately one dynasty league is not size meets all. There are, you know, widespread. I've seen people that are in one quarterback start six leagues. I've seen people that are in super flex start 14 leagues. >> Yeah. No, there's it it literally could change depending. I've seen people play with like kickers get 10 points per kick. Like it's crazy.

>> It's truly the sickest format of fantasy football there is for a reason. Um, number three strategy here is we do want to understand what's effective this year. So most of that stuff at the first part was like more macro advice that you would take any year. It's the same advice that we've kind of been giving for years. This year I think it's important to understand do mock drafts. Where are the values that you like? Where do you like picking? If you do a derby for your draft pick and you you go, "Okay, I really like the beginning of the board. I like the middle of the board. I like the end of the board." All that kind of stuff. This year like quarterbacks tend to fall a little bit more. That's a unique strategy port uh part this year that wasn't the case three years ago. >> Corey, what are my what's my favorite phrase that's two words that begins with O and B? >> O and B. Understand your opportunity bundles when you're in a startup, man. Like, do you

want to take the quarterback in the first round? And do you want to take a wide receiver in the second round? Do you want to take a wide receiver in the first to quarterback in the second? Understanding the player combinations that you can have early in your drafts can make the determination of whether you want to start X position in the first round, Y position in the first round, or Z position in the first round. Ultimately, knowing your strategy and knowing what micro position to target based off how the rest of your draft can unfold can really help you. And honestly, like when we do our mock drafts live, people can understand, do I want to start with two quarterbacks off the bat? Do I want to start with a running back in the first round or do I like, for example, Omarin Hampton too much in the second round to take that first round running back? Understanding those little points is going to help you make the team in the best image that you have. >> Yeah. And ultimately, the best way to do

that is by doing mock drafts and also um you know being in more leagues if you want to do a lot more leagues. That's another thing that you can do as well. So yeah, again do mock drafts. Understand what's effective this year. Understand like looking at positional rankings. If you feel great about 27 quarterbacks around the NFL, well guess what? you're probably not going to take quarterback very highly. If you only feel good about 12 quarterbacks in the NFL, then you are probably going to take quarterback into superflex very highly. So, um, what that's kind of like the pre-startup stuff that you need to understand, the post, like the middle of the startup or the beginning of the draft. We always talk about staying flexible. We've been talking about it for years. What this means in, you know, actuality is essentially not taking purely competitive assets that pigeon hole you into being a contending team or pure rebuilding assets for what it's worth, too. guys who are coming off of,

you know, Malik Neighbors comes to mind as like a 22-y old receiver coming off of an ACL tear. He keeps you less flexible than say a 24 year old wide receiver who projects well for for reddraft purposes. You can go either direction with players like that. Again, loading up on production is great, but what we like to do in startups is understand what the board is doing. Understand what the league mates around us are doing. Because you might be in a room where all 11 league mates of yours trying to win the championship in year one. And it actually makes sense for you not to go after Christian McCaffrey and Derk Henry and Saquon Barkley. It might make more sense for you to trade back, trade for future rookie picks, um, trade down, whatever you need to do. >> Yeah. And this this is also applicable now we're doing this startup before the NFL draft to taking kickers aka rookie picks. Ultimately the the idea here is you want to delay the opportunity to have to make a decision. You don't want

to take a player that'll like Cory said combine you to either contending or either rebuilding off the bat. You want to kind of see what the draft room's doing around you. Maybe take players that can fit either build. And when you make the determination based off the value of the room that you're in, then you can commit to a course, whether that's round three or round four, based off how the board's unfolding, it helps you a lot. And like I mentioned with the point with rookie picks. The reason why I'm such a fan of taking rookie picks and startups is, hey, guess what? If I take the 102 or 103 off the board, I don't have to earmark a player to that spot. So therefore, depending on how the rest of the draft goes, let's just say hypothetically wide receivers are are falling in a room and quarterbacks are getting snatched up, that might change my, you know, thought process of how I spend that 103. If I notice that I maybe got locked out at quarterback later in

the draft, maybe I earmark Fernando Mendoza at that spot as opposed to taking the wide receiver because I got some falling values later on. >> Yeah. No, exactly. It all factors in. And again, the flexibility and the kind of delaying of making a decision also helps you too. Even if you're a competitive team, you could have been like, "Wow, damn. I didn't realize I was going to go competitive. Maybe I would have taken Christian McCaffrey over Garrett Wilson or something like that." Well, you can always make trades. You can always trade for a competitive running back later. You don't need to make that decision on the clock because the second you do make that decision on the clock, well, if you take Christian McAffrey in a startup, only competitive teams are going to be interested in him. So that's why we like to stay flexible and again delay those decisions as long as we can until we have as much information as possible. How many teams in this league are going competitive?

How many teams in this league are going rebuild? Which one makes more sense for my direction and the players that are following to me? So uh number five, and you kind of made reference to it. >> I mean this is a plug obviously, but our site has a million tools for you to be doing startups better than how you've been currently doing them. So, for example, our trade calculator, as Danny made reference to, is completely customizable. It will adjust based on your league settings. Eight-man league, you're going to value Jamar Chase higher in an eight-man league than you are in a 14-man league. You're going to value Jamar Chase higher in a three wide receiver, three flex full PPR than you're going to value him in a standard two running back, two wide receiver, and one flex. So using our trade calculators very important especially especially in the startup because people who are new to dynasty don't often understand is the 307 and the 408 for the 205 a fair trade. You might not know you might be

like I don't know >> a couple players >> exactly. So what what you can do is go to our expert rankings and go okay 307 that's the what 40th player off the board or 42nd player off the board or something. Who do they have ranked at 42? Okay, that's roughly about Dak Prescott, Luther Bird, and Romo Dunay range. That's the player I would be receiving on top of whatever other assets I'd be getting in the deal for my 205 or whatever I was going to take Justin Jefferson for example. And the beauty of Dynasty is that exact valuation could be a yes in a certain format and could be a no in another because like you can text if it's a one quarterback, you know, start six, start seven lineup league, maybe you prefer the premium asset versus if it's a start 12, start 13, start 14, having multiple players that can score over 15, 16 points per game is more beneficial. Then at that point, maybe you take the quantity of assets. That's the beauty of Dynasty kind kind of like we were

saying, one size doesn't fit all and the trade calculator is actually a custom to be able to deal with the differences in leagues. >> Yeah. Not to mention you can once the draft is over, you can use our brand new portfolio tool which is also the my teams feature essentially because I'm in a lot of leagues. You guys can see that. And because I'm in a lot of leagues, I might want to diversify who I have investment in. For example, Chase Brown is a player I've drafted in six of my I think 13 or 14 leagues that I'm in. So maybe when I'm on the clock thinking I'm going to take Chase Brown, I want to diversify and I go and take Bucky Irving instead or some other running back that's going around him. And again, after the startup is over in the my teams feature, you can literally click into your team and see your strengths, see your weaknesses, see how you stack up versus the rest of the league. You can see that in this league specifically, fourth in quarterback

among all the 12 people. I'm second in running back, I'm second in wide receiver, 11th in tight end. So tight end's obviously a weakness of this team. And this league specifically is a devi which we won't get into. But um that's kind of how you can use the my teams feature, use the trade calculator, use the rankings to make your situation better in the startup. There's a number of different reasons and we are only saying this because we actively do this like we use our own site to to and we're about to do a startup with all of you guys and we're going to be actively going okay my rankings have this player here. Who do I think I can get in that trade? Like we're going to be doing exactly what we're preaching right now. Yeah, we think very proactively in that regard, too. Like we'll literally see like, oh, what are our portfolio shares? We'll pick a pick so that we don't maybe get exposed to a certain player or we'll trade into a range that we don't think

we'll be get exposed to a certain player because again, we do want to diversify our portfolio. Obviously, we're both going to have our own individual stances, but at the same time, if I notice, oh, I have CD Lamb rostered on 50% of my dynasty teams, which yes, that is a fact. >> I think it's even more than that, isn't it? >> It might be maybe after this start. No, I'm joking. But um yeah, if you notice a high percentage of a certain player, it's like, well, maybe if I have CD Lamb ranked 109 overall, if I'm in a derby order, I don't pick the 109, 110, 111, or 112. I try to pick earlier in the board. Or maybe I target the 106 instead. Like picking your spot based off your portfolio is also a a big thing, especially if you're managing. Like I said, we're in like 15 to 20 dynasty leagues. I've had some people message me like, "Yeah, I'm in a 100 best ball dynasty leagues." Like if that is you and you could see that you have

39 shares of a certain player, maybe try not to get another one. You know what I mean? >> Yeah. Or maybe touch grass if you're at 100 dynasty leagues as well. Um the other two points that we have here is strategy stuff is is pretty straightforward. Number six, depending on the community that you're in. If you're in our community, they're probably going to draft very similar to how we draft, I would imagine. Understand which positional value is going to fall. So for us, that would probably be like running backs and maybe because we've been talking about waiting on quarterback. Quarterbacks start to slide a little bit in the room that you're in. I hate tight ends. So maybe there's some people out there that don't like tight ends either. And also to kind of understanding when you go for the veteran or when you go for the rookie or the young asset as well because like Danny said, he loves taking rookie picks in startups. He's not the only one in our community that likes doing that.

Let's say that. >> Yeah. No, we're we're we're a mass now. And I think a lot of it too, like people understand like, hey, if I could take a rookie pick and delay the inevitable of naming a player here, like from then on, like I don't need a quarterback or a wide receiver, I could use either or. Like there's a difference. You know what I mean? >> Yeah. I I I always wonder this like at what point like because when we were doing this four years ago, we had absolutely no impact on the dynasty market. At what point do our take start to bleed into the dynasty cognizant? I'm actually kind of wondering if it's gotten to that point yet. I don't think we're at that point yet, but I think you know the fantasy footballers when they say something from the reddraft standpoint, the ADPs change. Like it's pretty crazy how quickly that happens. And then the other kind of point that we have here is it's really important once you do, you know, break that

flexibility. Let's say it's the fifth round. You already have uh Garrett Wilson, Malik Neighbors, Brock Bowers, and Caleb Williams. You've gone for like a young team, and you look at the board and you're like, "Everybody's drafting young players. All the rookie picks are getting snapped up. Nobody's taking any veteran players." It's like the 506 and you're like, I'm just going to take Christian McAffrey because I can compete with this team or I can be a rebuilder with this team. Make sure once you make that decision, I'm going rebuild. I'm going contend. You've made a decision. Stick with it. don't like vacasillate back and forth and then you take Christian McAffrey at the 506 and then your next pick is like the rookie 107 or something like that. It's like you're probably better off taking a production asset once you take that plunge on Christian McAffrey. And let's be honest too, Corey, if Christian McCaffrey is

the best on the board, you reach out to the person that is drafting, you know, the the the competitive assets, the Devon Achan or the I mean Chris McAffrey is going to go before Saqua, but like that archetype of type of player, they're building a competitive team. You know what you do, Corey? You reach out to them on sleeper. You say, "Hey, you interested in trading up for this pick? I have a guy that just finished as a top two running back on the season last year. Make me an offer. I like young assets. I'd be willing to move down a couple rounds maybe for a second round pick or something like that in 2027. Be willing to negotiate and think proactively, not only when you're on the clock, but maybe even two, three, four picks in anticipation of your pick. Get on the phones and try to orchestrate your way down the board. >> Yeah, it's all going to depend on your goal. Whatever you do should be in service of your goal. If you if it's the fourth round and you haven't made a pick

yet and you have seven first rounders in the future years, well, guess what? Your goal is not to take Christian McAffrey at that point. your goal is to collect more first rounders and collect more young assets and that kind of thing versus the guy who started his draft with Patrick Mahomes, Jaylen Herz, uh Puka Nua, and uh I don't know, uh Chase Brown or whatever, like that guy is going to be going more so for a competitive build. And this is why we always say you never want to be caught in the middle of leagues. You want to be aggressive one way or another. you want to be a top three points contender on your team or you want to be or in your league, sorry, or you want to be a guy that's in competition for Jeremiah Smith and Arch Manning next year, you have to make that decision because you know what's the worst spot to be, Cory? >> You don't want to be in, you know, the guy who just missed the playoffs or the guy that just snuck into the playoffs and got waxed by the team who has

Christian McCaffrey and Chase Brown and Puka in the first round. >> Do you ever feel good when you finish a year with an intent and you end up picking between the 104 to 108? Do you ever feel good? Only time I like picking 104 to 108 is if I don't have my own pick. >> Yeah, if you have someone else's pick and they're there. >> Yeah, exactly. So, again, we're going to go through an actual Dynasty startup uh draft. Again, it's going to be a fast draft, so we can't do trade downs and trade ups, but we are going to document our brand new Dynasty listener league uh in the next coming weeks when we actually finish the startup. What all happened. I'm sure there's going to be like 97 trades that happened in the startups knowing our startup. So, that will be a fun video to document, but we'll go through just a basic startup now. kind of talk about some of the strategy points that we've gone through. All right, so we're into the startup.

And another feature of our site, for what it's worth, is we do have a mockdraft simulator. And if you guys are site subscribers, you can actually use our mockdraft simulator with our rankings in them. So, I'm going to pull up my own rankings here. And I actually have Drake May ranked 101. So, the fact that I'm on the board at 103 here, and I get Drake May falling to me is uh the direction I'm going to go. And again, to the point of staying flexible, you can go competitive or rebuild with Drake May. He's a 24y old quarterback who just finished as a top five guy. >> Yeah. And likewise with Jaden Daniels, I do think getting him at the 110 here, good value, 25-year-old quarterback. We saw high-end production, still only going into his third year. So, like Cory said, being able to stay flexible with young quarterbacks is not never a bad strategy. >> Yeah. And in our mockdraft simulator, you can go either with bots like we have in here. You can see there's a Sammy

bot, a Nathan bot, a a Flock fantasy people who made the playoffs bot. Like you can use the bots or you can just uh draft with your friends and send the link around. >> Yep. And typically I would like a receiver, you know, CD Lamb Drake London here. I'm going to try to experiment with the 101 aka Jeremiah Love and see what it looks like building with a, you know, early running back in this build. >> Yeah. And again, Jeremiah Love, while he might be a rookie running back, he's probably going to be a top 15 reddraft pick, too. So, you could still like if for some reason the board falls to you where you're like, okay, there's like really good competitive assets rounds five through eight, which is generally where you're going to make that decision. Are you going competitive? Are you going rebuild? Um, you could still use Jeremiah Love on a team like that, obviously. So again, we talk about doing mock drafts, staying fluids, you know, taking chances sometimes. I never go

early tight end, and I'm not going to now because I hate tight ends. Um, but uh, yeah, I want to debate you a little bit. And this is a third round reversal that we're doing. So it, if you notice, it didn't snake back to me. We third round reversal is generally a common dynasty thing that I hate, but a lot of people like. >> Yeah, I like third round reversal most years. This year, I will say, um, I because I don't want to build as round around as many elite quarterbacks considering my portfolio. Um, I have been gearing towards, you know, the mid to end of the board. But that being said, um, I picked the 101. I'm also going to go with the 103 here. I like either of the wide receivers. I'd be willing to take whichever falls. And I do think it keeps me flexible where if the best, you know, available assets at the 410 503 are young assets, I can then reshift towards a rebuilding build. So, uh, spoiler, I'm going to be taking a bunch of rookie picks in general and 101

103, two guys I really like. Assuming that's Jeremiah Love and then Lemon or, um, Cardinal Tape. >> Yeah. And uh I'm actually kind of seeing the board going in your direction a little bit. The fact that the 103 went off the board as early as it did. I'm actually going to take another anchor running back in James Cook and see if I can build out kind of the opposite of what you're doing, which is more of like a competitive type of team. Um the quarterbacks are I think I could still probably get a competitive quarterback pretty late like especially when you factor in like the Mayfields and the Daks as my fail safe. I'll probably just stick with what I got here. And um it's a two running back, two wide receiver, two flex that we're doing here. So I could flex a running back even if I take another one. Um I'll grab uh I'm just going to I just think Kenneth Walker is just the best projection on the board. So even though I just started my draft with three running backs in my first

four picks, I I could flex him every single week. And uh I know there's especially when you're going competitive, you could feel pretty confident that Devonte Adams and Mike Evans and like competitive type wide receivers more so than running backs are going to be available later. >> For sure. So, uh, funny enough, I could have, you know, two commanders within my first three picks, whether that's Jeremiah Lover, Cardinal Tate joining. I do think I'm going to go with either of the young wide receivers at the top from the 2024 class. And I'll take a shot on Brian Thomas Jr. here, and hopefully I can get Luther Burn on the way back. And I didn't. Sammy Sammy knows Ball. >> Yeah, Sammy Bot ended up sniping you there. >> Sammy Bot ended up sniping me. Uh, now I'm on the clock here. Now I'm gonna have to make my uh decision. Do I want to take my quarterback here, secure Dak Prescott, which what I believe still to be, you know, a relatively strong team.

Jeremiah Love, strong running back, producer, top two wide receivers, I feel good about. I think I'm going to lean that direction just because the quarterback board I think is going to get wiped up by my 610. >> Okay. So, to me, that just doesn't make any sense because I >> Well, I think I have enough production. I think I have enough running a 33y old quarterback that you wanted to take there. >> Yeah. I mean, I have him ranked higher than Jordan Love and I do still think he's going to play for the next five to seven years. >> Fair enough. It's not like a Matthew Staffer thing and I don't want to be left competed that he didn't fall back to me. So >> what Dak or Love >> uh either. Um I'm on the board here and again I'm going more of a competitive build so I can afford to lean into some age risk a little bit if I need to. I'll grab AJ Brown as a guy that I believe has a little bit more of a better projection than his teammate Dvonte

Smith just because you know he is a little bit older. That's why Smith would be going ahead is the age discrepancy between the two. Again, if they're going to fall to me, I might just take them. I could flex these running backs all day, every day. And I I feel like I just can't pass on Saquon Barkley here. I guess I'm just going full high testosterone team. Again, quarterback wise, I still feel like I'm going to get a decent option to me on my back. Uh here, I could go with a different option with Baker. I'm gonna just take Squan, man. I think he's just the best player on the board. >> Wow. Um talk about not pigeon holeing yourself. No kidding. >> Yeah. No, this is why you got to stay flexible. Would I normally want to take four running backs with my first six picks? No. But look at the production value that I have on this team. If I'm going to be competitive, I have wagon producers who are all like top two round reddraft picks. >> Yeah, speaking of productive piece here,

um, you know, I I kind of want to talk about him as well. He gets dealt uh to the Denver Broncos, and I do think he's what they need in their offense. I think this is probably the start of his range, but obviously for 24, I'm cool with taking Wadd there. I have him ranked about that. >> Yeah. And like the other thing is too, this is a mock draft. So if I look at this team at the end of it and go, I hate this so much, then I probably wouldn't do it in a real draft. And that's why you do mocks. >> Yep. Um and again, we didn't specify whether it was tight end premium or not, but I do think he's going to be healthy by camp. And I do think Tucker Craft kind of showed that he could be a legitimate top three tight end. So 108 valuation or so around these guys I think is reasonable. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Um on the board, uh I feel good about Devonte Adams here. It's a pretty good option. Um I'm worried this expert box 2 doesn't have a second quarterback yet. And I do think

I'm going to actually take the plunge on Kyler Murray on the Minnesota Vikings here because again I'm looking for a production quarterback. Uh Kyler projects pretty well this year. So um I feel like a pretty pretty sound decision there. Again wide receiver wise >> reddraft ADP if I'm just looking off it. I would assume Devonte Adams goes the highest. I I like get a little bit younger with Terry McLaren but a little bit less production. I will uh I will lean into the the production. I'm trying to win this league in in the first year of it based on what I've built out so far. So, I'm going to stay true to that and I'll go with just the best pure projection on the boards. >> The Danny bots snipe me. I was hoping Bashial Toot would have fallen. But, um that's the beauty of these mocks, right? You can't just >> nothing against ourselves as the bots also doesn't help. >> Yeah, that's a good point. Uh let me I believe let me grab my guy here. Um

Corey's gonna vomit when I do this, but I do think 810 is a very nice value on Michael Wilson. Yeah, I there's no way I would take him that high, but that's totally fine if you got your if you like taking mid wide receivers who produced seven fantasy points per game prior to Jacobe Brass's insanity run. That's up to you. >> Hey, you took one that's 35 years old that 803. So, >> yeah, my guy was elite. >> He might fall off whenever. >> Yeah, he could very well. >> I don't mind the the plunge on Christian Watson here again given the depth of the lineup, two flexes, three watch. was kind of hoping I would get Malik as my third quarterback, but or Matthew Stafford potentially falling back. I I'll probably forego the rest of the QB position and just take a really cheap veteran later on as my third guy. Um, obviously I'm a little fragile at the quarterback position long term, but again, I'm I'm kind of building out a more competitive type of build. Um, I'll

I was going to take Terry McLaren with my last pick, so I'll just take him there. I think that's a pretty good value there. Um, and then we got QJ Godwin Evans. receiver feels like it's probably the best option for me on the board. I do like Dalton Concaid at his current value right now. Um I'm not in on McCarthy or any of these other quarterbacks. >> I don't really love the tight end position after Concincaid. So, actually, I'm going to go with Concaid here at 10:03. It's kind of an anti-me draft with all these running backs and taking a tight end in the first 10 rounds, but um we'll see what happens. >> Damn, I wanted Dobbins there. Um Jonathan Brooks go. No, Jonathan Brooks did not. >> Yeah, it's safe to say I don't need to take a running back for the rest of this draft. Yeah. Yeah. Now I'm going to have to be going down the value bin of them. Um so I can wait a little bit. I guess I don't mind the Mike Evans value here as

a productive receiver piece maybe when Cardinal Tate has his growing fins initially. >> Yeah. You mentioned opportunity bundles in the strategy portion. Like knowing that I took Kenneth Walker and Barkley where I took them. Like would I rather have Kenneth Walker and Barkley and Adams and Mcccluren or would I rather have taken you know Garrett Wilson and uh somebody else in that area? Like I feel better actually about the running back projections. >> Yeah. No, I don't mind that. Um I am on the clock here. Running backs are kind of gross. Um I'll take the 202. I feel like I can get a decent little running back piece there. Whether you know I don't think it's going to be Coleman, but maybe Price Falls. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I am uh I'm very pilled on Chris Godwin being a decent value in startups. And part of the reason why I waited once receiver is knowing that I would get Godwin probably ahead of where I wanted to ahead where most people would actually take him. So, I'll grab Godwin

there. Um, tight end wise, again, I already took Concaid. I would, >> the way I like building out tight end cores is not spending like an early round pick on a tight end and then taking a couple of them like in the mid mid- teen rounds kind of area because then I can, you know, feel like I can take my shots on a Travis Kelce, a K Dot, and somebody in those mid-range. So, I probably won't go in that direction. Um, I'll take Romeo. I got Drake May. It's a stacking partner. He's got a big contract. Maybe he has some uh some nice production this year. Oh, Romeo. No. Yeah, not a good pick. Um Jawan Jennings hasn't signed anyone yet, has he? >> No, he has not. I I I just assumed he was going to be a Raven for some. I don't know why he just seemed like he would be a Raven. >> Yeah. Um also, I was hoping one of those running backs would fall. Um >> Yeah, Brooks is a nice upside swing because if you hit on Brooks, like he'll end up being way more valuable than

that. >> Yeah, know that. I feel good about that. Um honestly, this is just kind of like a value on the board. I think 1305. We didn't specify if this was a premium or not, but um tight end 14 Isaiah likely feels decent. >> Yeah, that's not bad. Um >> even contract he received. >> Um I'm on the board here and at wide receiver Jmack Shahed. It feels like it's dried up quite a bit. I don't really feel confident in any of these guys. I already have tons of running backs, but I could go back in that direction. I could go back to a tight end. I'm going to take a third quarterback who can get on the field and produce right away. So, I'll take Jacobe Brassette with my 1310 here knowing that, you know, they're a risk to take a Tai Simpson or something in the draft, but I feel pretty confident that Jacobe Brassette will at least be a hold down the fort for me guy if Kyler Murray is, you know, banged up or something like that. >> Yeah, I think that makes sense.

>> Trey Benson. Yeah, I don't really I mean, I'm the competitive build here, so I can definitely afford to take on an Alvin Chimera as far as like his production value. I'll um I I'm gonna honestly the best producing tight end on this board is Travis Kelce. So I'm gonna take Travis Kelce right here because I think in a like again we usually play half tight end premium. We didn't specify at the beginning of this mock draft, but in a half premium if you need to flex Travis Kelce on any given week, he's probably going to put up like 14 15 points a game. >> Yeah, I'm back on the clock here. Uh probably going to lean Jordan Mason. I don't mind Trey Benson either, but uh feeling good about the touches there. I have Jeremiah Love as my main RB1, and I do like how I built up the team overall. Yeah. And again, this is a mock draft. Would I go purely competitive the way that I did in most of my drafts? Like I I drafted a lot of old players. Like by

the time this team gets to 2027, 2028, it's possible that I have to retool and rebuild. And if I don't win a championship, I might have just, you know, struck out swinging there. But, uh, I feel pretty good about the way that this production-wise this team would come together. And I don't typically go with pure startup assets that are more competitive dudes there. So, even by my own rankings, even though I don't rank, you know, old assets highly, I came out with a pretty good team. And from a reddraft perspective, I feel like all these guys are going to have really good production to them. >> Yeah. Likewise with mine, I'm going to get dinged a little bit in terms of the overall chart just because I took the 103 ahead of where the experts have it. I believe I took the 103 uh in the mid20s and it's at 33. I'm just higher personally on a guy like Carninal Tate or Mai Lemon. I honestly think the experts might be a little bit sleepy there. But in terms of just the overall

build, add the 101 there. I got my main RB1 along with Jordan Mason and Brooks. Hopefully, if my team shows signs in season, I can then maybe send a second to be able to get a patchwork back. But I do like the youth that I have at wide receiver. I do like the fact that I have Tucker Craft that likely be potentially filling in early season. And I think between my two quarterbacks, I should have, you know, weekly, let's just say a top I mean, I I'm number five overall. I was going to say a top five quarterback duo in this league. >> Yeah. No, for sure. And like here's the thing. This is like your build was very much the more traditional FSE build. And for what it's worth, if this was a real startup, you would have been trading back. You would have been collecting rookie picks. It's not like you would have just sat there and stick and picked every single pick that you made and taken young players. You would have obviously had it's way harder to demonstrate what you were trying to do

in this startup draft than it was what I was trying to do. I will say after this draft and knowing how this team materialized, I don't see anybody beating this team from a reddraft standpoint. Like this is a wagon, dude. like four of my running backs are going at the like top 15 picks in reddraft. Like to me, this is like a a strategical pivot that I kind of maybe even want to make in our own startup that we're >> about. Hey, if you want to start off with four running backs in a row, be my guest. All I'm saying is when you can get production like this production in this league, like I would feel really good about this because the reason we we would build teams like the bu the one that you built out and again you would collect rookie picks and the team would look better by the end of it was because people were building a lot more reddraft ccentric teams. But again, going back to those like first strategy points that we talked about, know your room, know the league that you're drafting with. If you

can build out a wagon producer like this, why wouldn't you? This is a real real year one and year two contender to potentially win at least one championship or at least get some of your prize money and you know however your payout structure is is divvied up. >> Yeah. No, 100%. And on top of that, for those of you guys that obviously got into the Flock Me Sideways league by at the time we're recording this, we actually just started the draft. Um, it's gonna be really unfortunate when I know that you guys are picking the player next to my rankings right next to me when you're in the draft spot, whether you're, you know, 105 or 106 or 109. And that's the beauty. If you're in these leagues with us, you can literally see where we're thinking. >> Yeah. No, again, going over our drafts, like I don't think I would have made any decisions differently. I feel like the value that I got on the running back producers that I got them on like we got three running like I could have still

like you know we talked about maintaining flexibility in those first four picks or whatever while I took four running like three running backs in my first four picks none of these guys are 28 years old like it's I could have moved off of them mid-season or before the season if I had maybe at that point in the draft decided hey it's not really that beneficial to go with a a competitive team and then I started taking rookie picks and young players there's going to be people interested in first round ADP reddraft Kenneth Walker first round ADP and reddraft James Cook early second round maybe first round ADP and reddraft Amari and Hampton. So again just remember that you're taking assets on the board. You're taking players that as soon as the startup o is over you can make moves. It's not like you're locked into those players. So taking the best player on the board is sometimes a lot more important than just taking the position that you need or the the guy that fits your build.

>> Yeah. These guys are value pieces. Just hope you hit on Nvidia. >> Yeah, exactly. You're hoping to hit on Nvidia or Tesla or whatever. So very different. I It's good that we actually did it like this because like I go with a pure competitive, you go with more of the rebuild. But again, know your room. If you're in a build a room where Danny's build works a lot better, where everyone in your league, it's like they're all your reddraft buddies and no one's ever played dynasty before, you go a build like Danny's and you trade back and you collect future rookie picks and you take the current year's rookie picks on the board, you're going to come out of it in year two, year three with the biggest monster you've ever seen in your life. But conversely, if you're in a league like with FSE people where no one likes running backs and nobody wants to take aging assets, you might be able to win a championship, maybe multiple in the first three years of the league.

Well, yeah. If you go to my team, for example, maybe the argument you make is like, oh, in a in a league where I can trade down, maybe instead instead of taking the older age with Dak Prescott, who I have ranked higher, instead maybe I trade down around and I end up taking Cam Ward with some insulation. Like those are going to be maneuvers that you can manate or make sorry manake uh that you can make to be able to fit your team demographic. >> Yeah. No, for sure. So I I feel like this is good that we got this in like a 35minute video. We're able to go through a mockdraft, able to go through everything. Again, >> all the tools that we just outlined for you on the site, like 90% of them you can use for free. Like we can go through the mockdraft tool. You don't have to have a paid subscribed account to be able to use the mockdraft tool. You can enter startups. There's some going on right now. You see two left, one left for a one quarterback. They have rookie involved. We all have our expert

rankings updated with rookie picks included. >> Again, as soon as the startup is over, the my teams and the portfolio manager tools are extremely valuable. This is also a new feature, too, where you can uh pivot to rebuilding mode and contending mode. So, if you have teams that in overall dynasty value don't stack up too well because you have like Derrick Henry and a bunch like let me find my Debbie Degenery team. This team has like Derrick Henry. It's sixth in the analyzer, but I'm a back-to-back champion in this league because I have Jacobs and Henry and guys that are not going to score too well. But then when you go to the contending view, I'm second in the analyzer because a lot of these guys are pulled directly from underdog ADP. Where are they going in in reddraft leagues? How much production value do they give you? So that's something that's really interesting with the portfolio manager. And then again in the startup, this is so important. If you're going to trade in the startup and

you're a new dynasty player, please for the love of God, use the trade calculator. Just all you have to do is >> Yeah. Just match the settings. Say these are your settings that you have. You're on the board. You're about to pick um Justin Jefferson at the 205. That's that's the pick that you're about to make. Somebody offers you their 307. I think we said Luther Burton, something like that. And they're going to offer you um the 408. And let's say that's Chase. >> Burden would usually go with the 408 instead. But like Yeah. >> Yeah. But again, let's say that's the trade. Just simply you're going to take Luther Bird and Chase Brown. Again, using a a range of players as opposed to like when because you don't know who's going to go off the board, who's going to be there for you. You can always use a range of players as opposed to the exact players, but this gives you a general idea of worst case scenario. Maybe this is what you're looking at

worst case scenario. And best case scenario, some other guys fall back to you. >> Well, well, that's what I mean. In this specific scenario, like this would probably be the 502 plus the 509. And maybe if that's the offer for your 205, you just sit and pick Justin Jefferson. And then you, Connor, you say, "Well, hey, listen. I would need a little bit more than the 502 and the 509. Can you get me whoever equals the 305 if we hypothetically put in there would be what, the 29th overall ranked player?" >> Yeah. Well, it also, this is new, too, where it says balance. So, if like Tucker Craft, Travis Hunter, CJ Strad, let's say they go in like the seventh round or something, you could be like, "Hey, that's a little bit too rich for me. I want a little bit back in return." You can throw in CJ Stra like the 705 or something. and maybe you throw them back like a ninth round startup pick or something to to balance it out. >> So try to put it with just either Chase

Brown or Luther Burden because like like you said it'll give you like the exact value difference. Yeah. That's a Garrett Wilson or that's a Mecha Igbuka or that's a Brock Birdie aka somebody that would probably go in the you know three or third area. >> Yeah. And again trade calculator if you want specifically my opinion specifically Danny's opinion the balance players change based on our specific rankings. And again, let's say, "Oh, I screwed up. My my leagues are actually not um a superflex league. It's a one quarterback league or whatever." And then all the the values are going to change again because that's completely different strata of dynasty rankings. So, >> an ADP texture, right? So, hypothetically, you could have a player available at the 502 in a superflex that because of the quarterback uh parade that goes on are probably going off the board, you know, 12 to 15 picks earlier in a non-s superflex league. >> Yeah. No, exactly. So again, we have

tools for every single aspect of the startup, whether it's beginning of the startup, the middle of the startup, trades during the startup, after the startup, uh my team's feature, portfolio review, all that good stuff. So hopefully you guys got some value from this. Again, we wanted to do a Dynasty startup strategy video that was a little bit more focused than our our live stream Dynasty startup drafts because we talk about fiber intake and all that other stuff that we talk about and uh it doesn't result in us being on topic uh and talking through the strategy, through the thought process as in-depth as we did in this video. So, if you enjoyed this video, leave a like, subscribe, of course. So, you can start a free 7-day trial over on flockfantasy.com using the promo code FSE if you sign up annually, and you get access to this um from now until next March. And you'd have access to it through the entire Dynasty startup season, through the reddraft season, through the inseason content, all that

good stuff. You get a free live team review on the channel if you sign up annually over there using the promo code FSE. So, check that out if you guys are interested and uh like, comment, subscribe if you enjoyed this video, like I said. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
