Free agency is right around the corner and today we're breaking down the running back position in free agency. What we're doing today is breaking down our top 10 running back free agent candidates, going over which landing spots make sense. We've also, as you can see on the screen, tier listed the running back landing spots and we're going to play a little matchmaker. This running back we think is going to go here. This team might go via the NFL draft. And as we did for the quarterbacks, we're going to keep track of this between Danny and I. Whoever gets the most right is going to owe the other person uh or is going to get dinner from the person who gets less right. And the same deal exists if you guys want to play along in the comment section down below. If you play along for the quarterbacks, the running backs, the wide receivers, and the tight ends, and you get more right than than we do, and you have a bunch more right than everybody else in the comments, we'll

give you a free uh annual [ __ ] over on the site. So, Daniel, let's get it kicked off. Uh, two guys that were expected to be very high-end running backs on the free agency market are already off the market. So, we can quick cross those guys off right off the top. Javvante Williams signs a three-year $24 million deal to the Dallas Cowboys. He is back with the Cowboys. That's a gimme. We don't even need to predict that one because it already happened pre- free agency. And then the one gimme that we will give everyone is Bree Hall was officially franchise tagged. One year, $14.3 million to the Jets. Now, before we go any further, do we want to predict anything funky there? Do do we think the Jets try and trade him? I think it's to me I think they're going to try and actually work out a long-term extension. To be honest, I I >> I think we could pretty much put pen to paper. We could put graphics to screen with uh Javvante on that Cowboys logo and Bree Hall on that Jets logo because

like you kind of mentioned, I don't think this uh either team is going to let the obviously the Cowboys resign Devonte. can't let him go. But I also think the Jets are going to do everything in their power to keep Bree Hall. Otherwise, why would you pass on the pick that the Chiefs offered at the deadline? >> Yeah, for sure. So, Bree Hall will be the only one that's eligible because technically they could trade him. So, if you wanted to get crazy in the comments or you Danny uh to predict him to get traded to a different team, David Montgomery was the other gimme. He got traded from the Lions to the Houston Texans. So, I would say the Texans would have been one of these top landing spots in the starter plus good landing spot tier, but now that they just traded for David Montgomery, we're probably looking more on the the realm of yeah, they could add somebody late in the draft or maybe low end in free agency, but I think Woody Marks plus David Montgomery will most likely be their backfield in

2026. Um, the number one running back free agent that I'm sure most will get the most money, a lot of people are talking about, a lot of people want their team to sign, uh, Kenneth Walker, Super Bowl MVP of the Seattle Seahawks. He is expected to get anywhere between three years 39 million so 13 million a year to like three years 45 million like 15 million a year. It sounds like the Seahawks aggressively tried to resign him before hitting the market and you know it could still happen in the next coming days but it looks like he should hit the open market and there's a number of teams that are going to be interested in him. >> Yeah, and for me personally I don't have to look much further than the first team on that list in the first tier. Uh there are rumblings that the Kansas City Chiefs want to upgrade at running back based off how they looked this past season. Kareem Hunt look like he's running in mud. Isaiah Pacheco look like he doesn't know how to run. They need a

runner in that backfield especially with Mahomes coming off of that ACL tear. They have about, you know, 25 million or so in cap space. And I do think a large chunk of that is going to go to Kenneth Walker because at this point they pick number nine overall. You could make the argument, hey, they could get aggressive, go after Jeremiah Love. I think Jeremiah Love's going to be gone by their pick. I think their result or the result of that, sorry, is going to be them sending the bag at Kenneth Walker in a team that's in a win out window. >> Yeah, it almost feels how it almost feels like how all of us wanted the Bears to pick Ashen last year, but they didn't have a chance to pick Ashen Jensy because he went before their pick. It kind of feels like that a little bit. So yeah, I do I tend to think that the Chiefs will not waste any time and and just get aggressive and go after a running back on the open market cuz not only is Kenneth Walker a good fit for them, some of the other guys that we'll

talk about in a second, they could pivot to if they don't get Kenneth Walker, I expect them to be the the like because Pacheco is a free agent and Hunt is a free agent. Their only running backs on their roster right now are like Bashard Smith. >> So like they don't really have anything there and it's not a deep running back class, too. So it's not like, oh, we don't get Jeremiah Love. there's seven more running backs we could take in the second or third round. It's like maybe they don't love Price or Coleman or one of the other guys. It's probably more likely to just fill that need in free agency and then you can go best player available at nine, especially knowing that you just traded your best corner. You could go corner at nine. You could take an edge rusher at nine. You could take a wide receiver at nine. There's many other options that they could go in that direction. I do think that Kenneth Walker's preference would probably go to

Kansas City. Other than KC, is there a spot that makes sense for Walker other than also Seattle resigning him? Well, I mean, the Washington Commanders would probably be next on the list. We are also apparently hearing rumblings again, spoiler alert, that the New York Giants could get aggressive on a big fish. I do think it ultimately comes to the Kansas City Chiefs. I don't want to, you know, how do I explain it? I don't want to overlaze Ken Walker here because again, he is a great player, but some of the, you know, track record for Andy Reid, we're talking Brian Westbrook, Lehan McCoy, Jamal Charles, all elusive backs that can create big chunk plays whenever they need to. And I think Ken Walker is going to be the next in line. >> Okay. So, are you gonna officially predict Walker to go to the Chiefs? Okay. So, that's an official prediction. Obviously, um you know, that's the one that we would all want to see in terms of uh fantasy projection and, you know, >> top 15 pick.

>> Yeah, he'd probably go at least in the mid-second round of fantasy drafts, I would imagine. If not, maybe he even sneaks into the first round based on, you know, Chiefs running back, you know, kind of stuff. I want to just propose the potential idea. So, you brought up Washington. uh they have the cap space to be able to sign him. They're fourth most in the NFL in cap space. Right now it's just Jacorei Crosky Merritt really that they have on the roster. Jeremy McNichols even as a free agent. Chris Rodriguez I think is still under contract but it's not there's nothing really there. They're in the same position a little bit better though than than Kansas City is that maybe they would be in the market for Jeremiah Love. I tend to think that they're going to be the team that gets Jeremiah Love. So I'm actually going to stamp Jeremiah Love to the Washington Commanders on uh this kind of prediction. And and for what it's worth, Love is going to be the

only one we actually predict where he goes. The rest we're just going to say NFL draft. They they probably draft somebody. >> Yeah. >> Just because it'll get too crazy and it'll get too insane. So, for those of you guys playing along with us at home here, Jeremiah Love is the only one you have to predict among the rookies. The rest uh of the uh the predictions are just going to be of free agents here. So, I'm going to go Jeremiah Love to the Washington Commanders as my official prediction. And as a result, could I piggy back off of you and go Kenneth Walker to the Chiefs? I am not. >> Ooh, >> I think the only way that J I'm going to try and make myself right a couple times here. Who is the biggest threat to take Jeremiah Love? I actually think it's probably Tennessee at four or at three. So, >> in this scenario, I'm going to keep Jeremiah Love off of the Tennessee Titans by giving them Kenneth Walker. They have the second most cap space in

the NFL. And Kenneth Walker, there's no real connections there. It's not like they've, you know, coached him or anything like that. I'm just going to go they need a running back. They want to support their young quarterback. Tony Pard very cuddable contract. Taj Spears a UFA after this season. I'm going to go Kenneth Walker to the Tennessee Titans because obviously I would love to see him on the Chiefs. I just don't think that's going to happen. I I don't think we can have nice things like that. >> You're like you're kind of scarred. It's like a little bit >> you got just that one that one Christmas you got Cole you're like [ __ ] this is not what I was expecting. It's like Ken Walker going to the Titans would literally be getting coal on Christmas. >> I mean, I I like the landing spot. Assuming that uh >> compared to the Chiefs, though, it's like [ __ ] >> Assuming that they can cut bait with with Tony Pard, I think it would be a

good landing spot for for Kenneth Walker. So, let's talk about the next kind of like the three down starters quote unquote were Javvante Williams, Breece Hall, Kenneth Walker, and Travis ETN. Travis ETN is projected to get anywhere near where Kenneth Walker is going to get. Like three years, 39 million is Dan Graciano of ESPN's projection for his contract. I'll keep it short and sweet here. I think that Kenneth Walker gets more money from the Titans because they have more money than the Kansas City Chiefs and the Chiefs backup plan is to sign Travis ETN. So, that is where I'm going to put Travis ETN on the Kansas City Chiefs. Um, what say you? What do you think? I mean, Jacksonville doesn't sound like is really looking to resign ETN by the looks of it. I think they're going to pivot to a cheaper option, maybe an Algae or Rashad White, somebody that we'll talk about in a second. >> Yeah. Um I think the Commanders are going to go aggressive after Ken Walker,

but Ken Walker is going to want to go to Kansas City. He's going to want to work with Andy Green, going to want to work with Pat Pat Mahomes. And I think the Commanders fall back here is going to be Travis ETN because spoiler alert, you do have Jeremiah Love going to the Commanders. I don't think he's going to be available at their pick. And you may or may not have mentioned his landing spot already for me. >> Okay. All right. So, Travis ETN going to the Washington Commanders in your predictions there. Um, yeah, I mean, Jeremiah Love is obviously the wrench here because with the cap situations of some of these teams and with the draft position of some of these teams, they need to decide before the draft what they're going to do. Are they going to rely on Jeremiah Love being there? And again, remember that NFL teams are going to have way more information on what other NFL teams are planning on doing. If you go out and see the Commanders, the Saints, the Chiefs, the rumored Jeremiah Love teams

spend up on running backs, there's probably a good chance that one of the Cardinals, Titans, Giants, one of the teams picking ahead is probably, you know, zoning in on taking Jeremiah Love and they know the 789 pick, Commanders, Saints, and Chiefs, that Jeremiah Love probably won't be there. So, Love is the interesting part of this whole equation. ETN definitely would be a a really high-end uh fantasy pick on either the Commanders or Chiefs, the two landing spots that we just gave him. Um, let's talk about the other team that's in this tier because if they lose Kenneth Walker, Seattle is like what are they gonna do? Because Charbanet blew his ACL out in the playoffs. Like what what what is your initial thought there? >> Yeah, the Seahawks are very interesting because like you said, they I don't know if they were priced out at Ken Walker. I don't know if Ken Walker just said, "Hey, I got my Super Bowl MVP, but I'm not forgetting how you treated me in the

regular season. I am out." Seattle, I don't think they're going to sign a back to a substantial substantial company. They have money to do it. >> They have the money to do it. They have the money to do it, but at that point it's like, how did you get priced out of Ken Walker? Are you just being very diligent on your spending at running back? Like, I'm very curious how they do that. Maybe they view it, oh, we got some young defenders that are going to need contracts soon, so we don't want to spend our money on a guy like Ken Walker. We don't have to want to have to spend up at running back. To me, this is the NFL draft. This is probably a round two to round four pick. you probably get, you know, elusive back to compliment Zack Charbanet again. Well, we will hear more about the Zack Charbanet timeline because of course he shredded his ACL in the playoffs. I don't know if maybe he'll start, you know, the offseason slow should be back for week one, but even if that's the

case, getting an elusive back, the pair next to him filling that Ken Walker role. Um, I think that's just a lot better. If you're going to play a 50/50 backfield, a 6040 leading backfield, why waste that on 50 million per year at Kenneth Walker? So, I do think round two, round three, round four, maybe they're a Jaren Price team. Uh, they could go the Jonah Coleman direction, although I do think that kind of more overlaps with Zack Charbanet. I think they're going to, you know, target more of a receiving profile scatback. >> Yeah. No, that would make sense. I think the Vikings are in the same boat because they don't have any money. Um, and they also, uh, the Vikings right now have a first round pick, which is pick 18. They have a mid-second round pick, a mid- third round pick. And because they lost Daniel Jones and Sam Darnold in free agency last year, they're probably going to get a third round compensatory as well. So, they definitely could be a team that goes in the NFL draft route

because, you know, >> you know, we see EMTT Johnson paired to them all the time. Emit Johnson from Minnesota. Like, they could definitely add a running back because they just don't have the money to. Um, moving out of the like three, >> I think both those guys in the top tier at the end there with Seahawks and and Vikings could go the NFL draft route. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think the Vikings are almost guaranteed to just because of the money aspect, but the Seahawks could actually go in either direction because they do have the money to pivot to an ETN if they want to. They they could also go with like a an Algier or a Rico Dael or something somebody like that. So, let's talk about Algier and Rico Dattle because to me, those are like the fringe starter options that are available in free agency. They're not as good as ETN and Walker obviously who are guaranteed kind of going to start based on what they get in free agency. Tyler Algier is to me the most interesting

name just because Algier to me has been one of the better backup running backs in the NFL. As a rookie, he rushed for a thousand yards at 4.9 yards per carry and then they obviously drafted one of the best running back prospects of the last 20 years. So, nobody's going to blame Alier for losing his job to Bejian Robinson. >> Where could he go? Because I he numerous landing spots because you could go, okay, what about the the could go either way tier? You could go put him on the Cardinals. You could put him on the Broncos. You could put him on the Jags. or do one of these teams up top actually go after Algier? >> Yeah, so first and foremost, I mentioned I would I would pair Jeremiah Love. I think the Titans are the landing spot. You kind of alluded to it. I do think that outside of Arizona, they have the control to be able to take him at four and there are rumblings that they're very interested. Jeremiah Love apparently posted on his story that he was taking a visit at Tennessee. So

yeah, I do think that could be the potential match there. On top of that, Brian Gable kind of wants that main running back one and wants a young guy to replace Tony Pard. So uh I think that would make sense. In terms of Tyler Algier though, I do think this is a foregone landing spot for me, man. This is a team that needs a serious between the tackles ball carrier that had that at the beginning of last year who ultimately got hurt. And although they do have a rookie that they believe in, I don't think they believe in in the capacity of, oh, we want to hand this guy 15 touches between the tackles. This guy is going a mile high. >> So, you're going Tyler Algier to Denver. That's your prediction there. Okay. Sean Shawn Peyton likes having a big back and a small back dynamic. We know what Harvey can do in space and as a pass catcher, but when we're inside the five, when we're, you know, on a third and one situation, are we really going to hand RJ Harvey the ball every single

time? I think Tyler Algier was made for that role in Denver. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean, part of me with Alier goes, okay, like there is a couple guys that have coached him in other landing spots. Uh, obviously Zack Robinson, who just took the Buccaneers offensive coordinator job, has coached Tyler Algier the last two seasons. Uh, Tampa Bay just let Shawn Tucker walk and is letting uh Rashad White walk. I think it's very possible that if he doesn't get top of the market money, like if he's only getting five, $6 million a year, it wouldn't shock me if the Bucks brought Tyler Alier in to complement Bucky Irving because they are perfect compliments of each other. Buckyy's a smaller guy, not really suited for like a goal line role. Buckyy's a little bit better of a receiver. Algier a little bit more of an in between the tackles dude. So, that one would make the most sense to me, but again, we don't know if Tampa Bay is going to spend up on running back. They could go in other

directions. I'm going to put him to another guy that's seen quite a bit of him. Uh the former offensive coordinator of Tampa Bay, Liam Conn for the Jacksonville Jaguars. So, Travis Ten leaves. Liam Conn grabs Tyler Algier to uh compliment Belle Tutin who's more of a smaller back like a little bit smaller more of a receiving guy. I think Alier can carry the wood in between the middle of the of the field there. >> Yeah, my Baltial Tutin shares would be crying at that point. >> Yeah, I I I mean I like I have a lot of Alier shares so I wouldn't mind it. Again, there's I think that Alier is like a universal scheme fit. Every NFL offense could use a guy like this. So I could see the Giants doing it cuz he's a lot like Scataboo. If they're worried about Scataboo's health, it could make sense. I could see the Bears doing it if they want to just go straight power manangi and and Algier. I could see the Saints doing it. He would be a good compliment to Chimera. Like he could go

pretty much anywhere to be honest with you, including like the Chiefs, the Commanders, the Seahawks, all the teams we've talked about already. So, um Algier is going to be I think the like the third domino. Like we'll see Walker and ETN signed somewhere and then Algier will go next would be my guess. So, we'll see what happens with him. But to me, he's the fourth best market uh available running back on the market by far. >> Yeah. Um, and then we have, you know, the next two running backs up next are Rico Dattle, Rashad White, former NFC South running backs there. Rico Dattle at some point in the mid-season portion for Carolina. Looked like he he could potentially be extended, but you take his splits in the what, week five to week nine stretch and compare it to the rest of the season, you're looking at a tale of two seasons there. >> Yeah. No, for sure. it um it was it it's always an up and down season with Rico Dattle it seems where like at the beginning of his Cowboys tenure in 2024

um he was completely useless and they rather gave the ball to Zeke and then he became like the starter by the end of the season with Carolina like it was it was that that stretched four game stretch in the middle of the year where people were getting first round dynasty rookie picks for the guy on the open market. So, um, Rico D is a hard one for me to figure out because he's not like the youngest guy in the world and he's also not like the best running back, but I think there's going to be >> I got my answer >> that maybe would be like, yeah, we'd be really excited to bring Rico Dattle in because, you know, we feel like he can be a good a good part of our offense. >> I don't think he's going to command a huge bag because of how the season kind of went. And I do think a team that saw him twice last year is going to be interested. I think this is going to be the running back that your Tampa Bay Buccaneers bring in. >> Okay. All right. I I think that's

>> like3 4 million or something like that. Kind of see what he has in the tank. Uh more of a two next to Bucky Irving rather than I would say like a true true 1B that Rashad White in terms of a snap Scott. But I do think like this would be bullish for Bucky Irving compared to some of the other running backs that could land here. >> Yeah, I think that makes a lot of sense. I'm going to do the whole like who's coached him before thing. I am going to put him to the Pittsburgh Steelers because Mike McCarthy is now the head coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers and >> the Gainwell role. uh not in the gain well role. I think that Jaylen Warren can go back to playing that kind of role and uh Rico Dattle can be more of like the Naji Harris role if that makes any sense or just maybe McCarthy wants to kind of shake up how the backfield works. Um but I don't think they have a whole lot of faith in Caleb Johnson at this point. So I'm going to just assume that they're going to assume he's

nothing until he proves he isn't. Um so I'm going to put Rico D to the Steelers. Not a lot of money. I don't expect them to spend a lot. Probably five million bucks or something on a one-year deal or maybe a two years $10 million kind of contract or something like that. And uh so you said uh Buccaneers, I went Steelers with Rico Dattle. Speaking of the Buccaneers, let's talk about Rashad White, who it's ironic of the top 10 available free agent running backs that we have listed here, every single one of them has finished as a top 24 fantasy running back in their career. Rashad White, a top 12 running back in 2023. The next guy we have here in this kind of like competing for starting jobs tier is JK Dobbins, who's been a top 24 running back in back-to-back seasons. Then we have Brian Robinson was a top 24 running back two years ago. Gainwell top 24 running back last year and Pacheco top 12 running back two years ago as well. Rashad White the lowhanging fruit landing spots I'm sure are the

commanders because he played with Jane Daniels in college and the Jaguars because Liam Cohen is there. What are you thinking for Rashad White? >> Yeah, he's one I really struggle with. Uh I I think Seattle would also make sense there just getting a compliment to Zack Charban. A guy that can work on all three downs, a guy that can be trusted in pass pass down situations. So I think that would make sense. Um I don't know if they would be looking Rashad White's throat. I basically the thing that I struggle with which in terms of Rashad White is how exactly much does he command on the open market. Is he valued more so what he did in the middle of his rookie contract or what he did last year. Uh I think the figure is probably going to be somewhere between4 to $6 million. >> He's projected two years 11 million according to some artic projected his contract. Um, just to give you an idea of like some of the landing spots that are open for you to use, you have not put anybody to any of the teams in the

could go either way tier except for Denver was the only team that you used in that territory. Um, so you know, Cardinals, Jags, >> Giants, Bears, Saints, any of those teams are available for you to use. And then I believe you used all but the Vikings of the top two tiers. >> Yeah. >> They don't really have money to spend on running backs. So, h this is um it's more of a struggle here. Am I going to get gutty? How much how much money this team has? This team has 47 million. Could get him on a decent deal. Um as much as they believe in their main starter, I do think this is the type of running back you would want behind him, especially on a team that wants to throw the football a ton. I think you'd make a lot of sense that they're number two in Cincinnati. >> Cincinnati. Okay. So, you're going Bengals. >> They got $47.2 million. And like you kind of mentioned, I don't think for Shaw White's going to ask for a [ __ ] ton of money.

>> Yeah, I'm I'm almost doing something really archaic here. I almost want to give him to a team that I have already matchmade a running back, too. >> Oo, >> because I think that chronologically you'd have to sign this player before the NFL draft and you don't know if Jeremiah Love is going to get there at seven overall. So, I wonder if they would go the route of signing Rashad White, have a veteran presence in house, and then if Jeremiah Love falls to them, which I'm kind of predicting in this scenario, then they just take Jeremiah Love anyway. It's no harm, no foul. Rashad White's the backup. He's on a one-year deal or something like that. So, that makes sense. Uh I if I didn't already put Algier to the Jaguars, I'd probably just put Rashad White to the Jaguars here because I think that would also make sense. I haven't put anybody to the Broncos yet. I don't think I'm going to because I know who I'm going to put to the Broncos. Cardinals would be

the other team that I could factor in because yeah, Arizona, >> I thought about them. >> In my scenario, they don't take Jeremiah. >> Interesting. Yeah, Cardinals makes sense for Rashad White. I thought about that match as well. >> It's funny because if this guy was healthy, I actually think he'd be a great fit for the do for the Cardinals. Sorry, I kind of spoiled it, but JK Dobbins, who takes a chance on the injury track record that is JK Dobbins, thinking, "Oh, I could potentially get a starting running back for a nickel on a dime." Well, I have I have my answer. He's going back to Denver. That's my That's my answer. I That's >> So, I already had Alier go to Denver, so I'm gonna obviously put him in a different spot here. Arizona, I don't think they go that direction given the fact that both Benson and Connor got hurt last year and they had to give touches to guys named Bam Knight. That was not ideal. Um um the Giants again, I think they're

going to go big game f uh big game fishing or they're just not going to sign somebody. Um hm. Is this the Steelers spot? Cuz you have Jayla Morren, you have Caleb Johnson. So worst case scenario, if Dobbins got hurt, you'd at least have a couple pivot options. And JK Dobbins can be your like lowrisk, high reward type of upside back to pair with to pair with Jaylen Warren. H I kind of like the Steelers here actually. I kind of convinced myself of that. I think that would make a ton of sense. >> Okay. Yeah. I mean, the other the other one that would maybe make sense is um he played for Ohio State. >> Uh Cincinnati maybe uses a compliment to Chase Brown or >> I just put Rashad White there. That's why. >> Yeah. Or even Cleveland potentially. Um I know we have them listed as like they're probably fine at running back. But if Judkins health situation's not great behind the scenes, then maybe JK Dobbins would make sense as a stop gap there. Um I am actually going to go back

to my original opinion. I am going to put I'm going to put Rashad White to the commanders. I'm going to hedge my Jeremiah Love goes to the commanders pick. Also, I think that both could happen legitimately where Rashad White signs there and then they also draft Jeremiah. >> And I know why you did that because I'm on the same boat here. I think Brian Robson for the Cardinals would make a ton of sense. A nononsense veteran running back that compared next to Trey Benson. >> Exactly what I was thinking. Exactly what I was thinking. Yeah. >> Oh, I I had them pigeon. That's why I didn't mark the Cardinals to anybody. I like that. I was always going the B- Rob the Cardinals route. >> Yeah. You kind of just need reliability if you're Arizona. And the other thing too is like, okay, Trey Benson in theory is this really high upside running back. You kind of just need like a floor kind of running back to go along with him. And also too, like the Cardinals have

high draft picks. They have a lot of draft picks, I think, as well. They could still sign Brian Robinson, have faith in Trey Benson, and still draft a second or a third round running back all in the same, you know, plan to get a backfield figured out at some point because running back realistically is not a huge position that matters a ton. If you can pair Brian Robinson, Trey Benson, and let's say like fourth round, you know, Jamari Taylor into that back field, like you'd probably be fine going into the season with that if you're Arizona. >> Yeah, I think it'd make a ton of sense. Um, they just need a reliable player that they can give the ball to in the backfield because they do not re want to have a repeat of what happened last year. >> Yeah, for sure. And now we're on Kenneth Gainwell, who was uh the team MVP of the Pittsburgh Steelers last year and um had a very good season. It was like nearly won me a fantasy championship in my home league. Um, if I didn't get McBride,

JSN, and you know, the guys that I faced in the finals, Christian McAffrey, what do you think of Kenneth Gainwell? I mean, I think the logical one is that he maybe would just go back to the Steelers because I think Aaron Rogers probably likes him. And if Aaron Rogers is back, then that would make sense. Um, I have a place that I'm going to put him, which would just be like a really kind of, okay, whatever, like, who gives a [ __ ] kind of landing spot. I'm going to put him on the Houston Texans. Um because I don't really know what they think of Woody Marks and Woody Marks wasn't really the poster child of health. He was in a medical tent like 14.5 times uh this season. So uh I'll put him on the Houston Texans as the pass catcher to compliment David Montgomery. >> H yeah know I think that's an interesting fit. Um Kenny Gainwell where would he go? He's probably going to get what two years$9 million or something like that. >> I'll give you some connections if you'd

like. Uh, sure. Kenneth Gainwell has a connection to Indianapolis because he played with Shane Stiken in Philadelphia. >> Um, Kenny Gainwell though, like I think the Colts would actually make a ton of sense because they do need like a stable passc catching profile. You have Giddens as your upside handcuff. You have Jonathan Taylor as your workhorse. Having a guy that can, you know, spell on third down, catch passes out of the back field. DJ Giddon's kind of prone to the mistakes last year. Just having a guy that won't make them would be big. >> Okay. So, you're going to go Colts for Kenneth Gall? >> I like that spot actually. And obviously again, not every team that we have in the tiers above the Colts, like you know, those first four tiers are going to sign a running back cuz ultimately here, the Seahawks, if they don't have a ton of cap, they're probably going to draft one. Uh a team like the Vikings, sounds like they're going to draft one as well. Similar situation there. Uh

sorry, I mixed those up, by the way. Vikings don't have the cap. Seahawks >> Seahawks can resign JSN and, you know, sign their players and lose the cap that they have. >> And that's why I kind of keep pointing it It's like, yeah, the Seahawks have cap right now, but like you have to sign Witherspoon and JSN probably to 75 million per year combined. >> Yeah. Well, they also have like Maf's a free agent. Shahed's a free agent. Like they could sign some of the guys. There's other priorities there. >> Yeah. There's guy they might give Darnold a pay raise too potentially. Like there's there's a couple of different guys that they could go after. So, um the last guy that we have here, and I already know exactly where I'm going to put him because I've been saving him for this landing spot. It just feels like it would be the case um for me. Isaiah Pacheco. uh horrendous season last year um injury-prone season in 2024. The last time he was good was

his second season in the NFL in 2023 when he finishes an uh an RB I think he was RB 11 or something in points per game that season. Doesn't this just feel like Ashen Genty's competition? >> It makes sense. >> I'm I'm going to put him to the Raiders as a backup to Ashen Genty. He's going to be uh involved. He's going to get like one year $3 million, not really be a whole big factor in the backfield, but he gets a backup handcuff type of role. I don't mind that. Uh I'm thinking right now because like we could see a backup situation to you know I mean >> Irving Irving's backup makes sense I think as well you already had somebody to Tampa. I mean maybe they would put him behind Javvante or Chase Brown or even like maybe behind Gibbs in in Detroit. >> Well, I haven't used a spot that's like kind of up there and I actually think this would make sense. So in terms of the usage for the Jaguars last year, you mentioned a more physical running back.

Well, like Bashel Tudin actually handled a lot of >> Do you use the Jags yet? >> I haven't used the Jags yet and I I honestly think like a lowrisk high upside complement to Bashel Tudin would make sense here in terms of Isaiah Pacheco because basically you mentioned like the gritty touches handled a lot of those last year. So I could see them thinking, hey, we can s Isaiah Pacheco for super cheap. And honestly, I think this should be like a Miles Sanders for the Cowboys situation. Like I don't think he's going to be highly regarded in the NFL. he's going to be viewed as, oh yeah, he could be an efficient runner, but the, you know, mistakes that he makes are something that I maybe don't want to sign for more than $3 million, like you kind of alluded to. And I also don't think it would preclude them from drafting a guy if they fell in love. The only other thing we're going to do is the remaining free agents and cut candidates. So, so to give you an idea, the potential cut

candidates are DeAndre Swift, um, Tony Pard, Alvin Chimera, maybe gets traded, James Connor. Uh, as far as running back free agents that we didn't talk about, we have Michael Carter, uh, Naji Harris, Austin Eckler, Jeremy McNichols, Kareem Hunt, Miles Sanders, Jerome Ford. Anybody there appears >> that makes so much sense. >> We're going to do this. If you get it, it's two points. It's if it's either a cut candidate or candidate or one of these really low-end guys. You get one one pick, your your absolute favorite. >> We're each picking one. Um, this makes too much sense not to have. >> I hope you don't steal mine. >> James Connor to the Lions. No. >> Is that yours? >> Yeah, because Drew Pesig IS THERE. >> OH MAN, I DIDN'T REAL I I think it makes a ton of sense. It's like you got a cheap alternative to the David Montgomery role. >> That pisses me off cuz I was like, "Oh, he's not going to think that he's going

to forget that Drew Pig is the offensive coordinator for freaking Lions." >> I'm gonna have to pick a different one now cuz I don't want It's not even worth it now for me to go go after that one. >> You can you could tell if you want. Um, where is this person? Hold on. Where is this guy coaching this year? Oh, okay. I got it. Um, Brian Callahan is the quarterback's coach with the New York Giants right now. Tony Pard gets cut from the Titans and signs with Brian Callahan in New York. That's That's I'll roll with that. >> Then you would have two Tyrone Tracy's. >> Exactly. Oh, I don't think they really like Tyrone Tracy, to be honest. I don't know why. It just feels like they hate him. >> Yeah, I know. I can't believe I let you take mine. >> You You said you have the first pick. I'm like >> first, so whatever. >> I saw Connor. I'm like, bro, like he's exactly what the Lions need. Like you

you cash out for a fourth on David Montgomery and you bring back David Montgomery for probably $3 million. I don't think Conor's going to get a >> probably bet minimum to be honest, if he even can like medically clear to play football at this point in time. Um but yeah, that's what we're going to roll with there. Uh those are the running back free agency matchmaker. Uh, if you guys want to leave your own picks down below in the comments, like I said, if you leave picks on every matchmaker video down below in the comments, quarterbacks, running backs, wide receivers/tightends, same exact rules that we're following, the only matchmaker that you have to do for the the draft is Jeremiah Love. For the quarterbacks, it was Fernando Mendoza. And we just said draft for the rest of them. And then, uh, if you get more right than we do, whoever wins out of the two of us, if you get more right than we do, we will give you a annual Motherflocker free subscription to flocky.com. One caveat, I better not see

edited next to the comment. So like if you're cannot go back and edit the comment after they've already signed and whatnot. We'll we'll keep track of that. So >> we're only taking the comments that don't say edited. So even if you have a typo or something, just retype the comment so it doesn't show edited in the corner. >> Yeah. And then we'll obviously check the time stamp that didn't happen after the the com or the free agency period did. But yeah, a lot of fun in free agency this year. A lot of good running backs available. Um we will be doing wide receivers and tight ends in the coming days. And of course, if you guys want any updated Dynasty rankings as we go through free agency, we'll be updating those as we go. We'll probably be either doing a live stream or pre-recorded videos at on Monday, on Tuesday, on Wednesday when most of the signings are coming through. We already had a major trade with DJ Moore going to the the Buffalo Bills, which we'll talk about in

uh tomorrow's video when we break down the wide receiver position. Um but yeah, with that being said, like, comment, subscribe if you enjoy. Peace out. We'll talk to you soon. You beat me.
