two-round Dynasty Superflex rookie mockdraft with landing spots. Today we're going to be breaking down Ryan Roberts over to over on a Toz Sports, I believe the name of the site is. He did a three round NFL mockdraft. You guys know the drill around here. We're going to do a two round Dynasty Superflex half tight end premium mock draft based on his landing spots, based on his draft capital, talking about exactly where he put these prospects, some of the fits, some of the uh the guys that we've been through now. We've started to grade these prospects. And of course, if you guys didn't already hear, we do have a draft guide coming out, the first edition coming out February 15th. It will be a PDF kind of format draft guide, the way that we normally have to give you guys a sneak peek. This is Zachariah Branch, for example. But also, you might see above Zachariah Branch's picture. There is a prospect video per player. All the top players, both of us will be breaking down their film, going

through the film clips, talking about their profile, etc. And then the late round players will have in version two of the draft guide, which will be coming out after the combine and whatnot. So Danny, let's get it kicked off here. We're going to go through a two- round NFL or Dynasty Superflex mock. You have the first pick. Everybody should be able to see right now the um landing spots and the draft capital that all the players got. And again, we'll make sure we document that with every pick. And if you want to go check out the mock draft itself, that'll be linked down below. >> Yeah. So, I'm here at the 101 and uh you know, you look across the board here, you got Mendoza obviously going 101, you know, Carnell Tate, Mai Lemon, but my first overall pick is going to be my number one ranked prospect coming in. Jeremiah Love of the Notre Dame fighting Irish. And when I talk about Jeremiah Love, he graded similarly as a prospect to Ashton Genty last year. Does get

relatively similar draft capital. We do see Genty sneak into the top five, Jeremiah Love more in the top 10. But I would argue the pure landing spot of the Saints is better than what we saw with the Raiders last year. With the Saints, you got a strong offensive line. I believe in Kell Moore as a play designer, as a schemer, and as a sequencer. And on top of that, Tyler Shock really played some good football down the stretch. On top of that, with Jeremiah Love, too, he's a very, very good receiving prospect. Chris Lava is going to be the one, but there is an opening to potentially be the number two receiving weapon on that Saints offense. And I wouldn't even be shocked as soon as year one if we're talking about a 200 to 250 carry 7080 target type of running back out of the backfield. So I do think Jeremiah Love top 10 capital the prospect caliber he is the three down profile he has coming out of Notre Dame he is the safest pick to have at 101 here. Yeah for sure. Now, the one

complication with love going to the Saints, which is, I would say, of the landing spots he could go to in the top 10, probably the worst, not because of the Saints, like you detailed there, good play caller, decent young quarterback that maybe some people believe in. The issue is that Alvin Chimera has $18 million in dead cap for the Saints right now. So, we don't know exactly what's going to happen there. Does Chimera get moved at some point? Um, prejune 1st, I believe, they would have to eat more deadcap than if he was a postjun first cut. So, we'll have to wait and see what ends up happening there. But I do think that Jeremiah Love being selected there would at least make it a, you know, urgent thing that Chimera could be moved at the trade deadline of the 2026 season or maybe before the NFL season if they do in fact carry both of those backs on the roster or who knows maybe somebody's willing to take on that contract. He re um you know structures it so it's a little bit more

team friendly. Chimera is in his 30s now. Um we'll we'll have to wait and see. I think the Saints definitely looking for weapons to surround um Tyler Shuck with some good with some good players around him. Yeah, and he's the archetype that could really take on that Chimera role. We've seen with Chimera, the ability between the tackles, but more importantly, the ability as a receiver. I thought that was one of the best traits out of Jeremiah Love coming out of Notre Dame, being able to line up in the slot, being able to run, you know, bang routes, corner routes, running the entire route tree as a receiver. And on top of that, very, very strong hands at the catch point. So, if there's going to be a fit, I do think New Orleans and Kell Moore is going to be the one that can get the best out of him in the long term. And I do think if he's able to fully develop, I do see a MattForte like player. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Um, I'm gonna go with the 102 here. Um, top receivers for

me in the class obviously Mai Lemon, Carnell Tate, Jordan Tyson. For me, it's between Lemon and Tate the talents. And I do think that Lemon is currently my wide receiver one just narrowly beating out Tate because he is higher in the prospect model. Although I did have like the same film grade on both players. Mai Lemon goes here, seventh overall draft capital to the Washington Commanders. We've heard up and down reports about where Lemon could go. Like I've seen some people rank him more so in the end of the first round territory in terms of his draft capital, but there are some very very high on Mai Lemon people that can say, "Yeah, because of the success of the Puka Nuas and the JSN's and some of these guys who were labeled as, you know, slot receivers coming out uh that Mai Lemon could go in the top 10 despite being a slot receiver." And I think the Commanders are as nutted of a landing spot as you can get because you have Jaden Daniels there who's a very

accurate thrower of the football and obviously a franchise quarterback. Terry McLaren is an ex-style wide receiver who can draw away number one coverage. I think you could see a very similar dynamic with Mai Lemon. Terry McLaren as we saw in Seattle the year that Jackson Smith and Jigba broke out where he was the slot receiver. DK Mechaf was on the outside kind of opening up the middle of the field for him. And I think Mai Lemon in this offense would get a would he would be off to a running start with the skill set that he has. Very sure-handed, excellent route runner over the middle of the field. This would be a perfect fit. And honestly, this is what they wanted out of Debo Samuel. Unfortunately, Debo Samuel is a free agent. He'll probably move on in this situation. Um, but Lemon great option here, especially with the top 10 Capital. >> So, Corey, obviously with uh the new newly appointed offensive coordinator, David Blau for Washington. He did play with the Detroit Lions 2019 to 2021. So,

we do have the history with Detroit there. Obviously, uh Am St. Brown came after that range. >> 2021 he was drafted. >> Uh yes, but basic basically like the the the Monor St. Brown we know now was after that range. But at the same time, he's going to have connects with Detroit for what went into it with Ammon St. Brown. You're not going to tell me otherwise that he's going to see Mai Lemon and not see a young Amanor St. Brown. >> Yeah. No, for sure. And you know, backup quarterbacks, they're usually the one in the offensive coordinator's ear. So, I'm sure he spent a lot of time with Ben Johnson scheming up how to actually get St. Brown open and all that stuff. And again, remember in St. Brown second half of his rookie year, that's when he became the St. Brown that we know, too. >> And actually, uh, let me let me point this out. I I I didn't didn't even realize he went back to Detroit in 2023 when Ammon was already established. So,

um, he played 2019 through 2021. He was also on the Detroit practice squad in 2023. So, goes to show you, man, he's going to know what went into a monor St. Brown. The toughness, the ability over the middle of the field. And I do think Mica Lemon is the type of player Washington would want to build their offense around in the next future with Jane Daniels. >> Yeah, for sure. And you and I, we're getting through this draft guide right now. It's January 30th as we're recording this. So, we're about two and a half weeks or so of the first edition of the draft guide coming out, but we've already graded a lot of these wide receivers especially. So, we're going to have a lot of uh fresh thoughts to talk about with these guys. And Lemon absolutely a stud. I compared him to, you know, Jackson Smith and Jigma Mon Brown like you made reference to. So, >> a a hand and glove fit if David Blau is going to run like the the same type of offense that they run in Detroit. And I

think Jaden's a very good fit for that offense, too. So, um let's see what you got here at the 103. What are you looking at? You going to go with Mendoza? You going to go with Tate? You going to go with Tyson potentially getting a really good landing spot here? >> So, obviously Tyson does have a very good landing spot, but just based off my gradings, there's too much of a talent discrepancy between him and Carnell Tate. Uh, Mendoza versus Tate is a conversation. If you need a quarterback, I like what the Raiders are doing. There are reports they are heavily linked right now to Clint Kubak, which if you get Kubak to be able to work with Mendoza, you could very well make the case Mendoza might walk in as a top 10 to 12 Dynasty quarterback. But for me, man, I cannot pass on Carnell Tape. Carnell Tape man was the most surprising watch that I had because I went into it thinking, okay, maybe we're getting a George Pickinslike player, very, very big athlete working down the field,

elite contested catch player. But what really caught my eye was just how refined he was. and he actually made an appearance uh an appearance on the Josh DS Caleb DS podcast, the DS brother podcast and he talked about just how much uh the refined nature of his game what kind of related for him and his two responses were Devonte Adams in terms of his release package and Justin Jefferson in terms of his route running. And I'm telling you right now, man, you plug on the tape, this is one of the best route runners in this class. On top of being an 87% contested catch player, on top of having no drops this year, this is a pure ex wide receiver. Even for hearing him make those comparisons, Cory, my comp for him was Devonte Adams. That is the lofty comparison I have for Carnell Tate. I think this is an NFL number one wide receiver and I think this going to be a guy we're talking about in two or three years from now as a top five wide receiver in dynasty. >> Yeah. I again you were you are very high

on tape the talent. I'm very high on tape the talent. The profile has some you know holes in it like like we've talked about in that uh in that video breakdown that we talked about with Tate. But yeah, Cleveland's a good landing spot for him man because they don't really have an X-wide receiver right now because Jerry Judy is more of like a Z-wide receiver. Hailed Fannon was their number one receiver last year in terms of >> replaceable. >> Yeah. And I would say that Tate would obviously be at the mercy of like who's his quarterback. Like if he were to actually go to Cleveland here and I do think Cleveland very much could draft him at six overall. Are they go are we going to as dynasty players go get a nice discount on this player because he's you know now 104 105 in this scenario because people are worried about Shadur Sanders or whoever the the Browns quarterback is. We're obviously doing this before free agency and and all this other stuff. they could go out

and trade for a, you know, Kyler Murray or sign like a Kirk Cousins off the scrap heap. We don't really know at this point, but what we do know is that sixth overall draft capital for a wide receiver prospect that you and I both think is very worthy of a top 10 pick. So, you just invest in that. And yeah, could Tate have a down rookie season with Shadur Sanders potentially? Sure. But they'd be picking really high in 2027 and potentially taking their franchise quarterback then. >> You can make the case since 2021 and I would make the case that Cardinal Tate is a top five wide receiver that I've watched. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I had him right up there with, you know, Drake London's and Tedo McMillan's as far as like his grade on film. He's, you know, every bit as good as those prospects were. >> I had him graded pure film above above a guy like Malik Neighbors. >> Yeah. I mean, I can't get I You and I are You have a little bit higher on film

than than I did on tape, but I still had a 95 on or 90.5 on him. So, I still feel pretty good about the player. Now at 104, do I want to go with Fernando Mendoza, who obviously in a superflex format, 101 Capital, Mendoza in the prospect model, we're talking about a guy who is rather risky, though, like we're not looking at an exceptional athlete. He's not going to give us, you know, 700 rushing yards and 10 touchdowns as a runner on the ground. He can move a little bit, but he's more so in the vein of like at best he's like a Daniel Jones, Joe Burrow, Justin Herbert type of runner rather than like somebody back. >> Yeah. Like a I wouldn't even say that to be honest. He's a He's not even uh not even at that level for me. >> Yeah. Like a like maybe three 400 yards, four or five touchdowns type of type of contribution. >> Yeah. I think you're you're hoping that Fernando Mendoza is like Joe Burrow. Like that's what that's what you need

him to be in order to to make this pick really really worthwhile. I would say that he is somewhat of a coin flip. He's a boomer prospect in the prospect model. We're looking at a guy who compares to like the JJ McCarthy, Justin Herbert territory of quarterback prospects as opposed to like the Burroughs and the Jaden Daniels and the Caleb Williams types of prospects. So, I I do think he's a little bit weaker of a number one overall pick than some people are giving him credit for, even though the film is good and he looks every bit like a franchise quarterback. So, I'm actually going to go with Jordan Tyson here because I just love this landing spot. I think that the Los Angeles Rams would get the absolute most out of this player because both of us agreed when we broke him down in the in the pro in the um the draft guide that Tyson is not nearly as refined as the other two guys. He does have a couple of things to work on, whether it be yards after catch fluidity. He didn't break a whole lot of

tackles, make a whole lot of people miss. Um he was more of just like a straight line athleticism type of guy after the catch and at the catch point there were some idiosyncrasies with his game that he could probably work on. But you think of the master class he's going to get every day in practice working with Devonte Adams and Puka Nakua. Um, and just being really kind of like the way that Luther Burden, Jackson Smith and Jigbbo, Romo Dun were as rookies where they are not expected to be the guy yet. They're the number three their rookie season and then maybe by the end of their rookie season they really come on strong. Devonte Adams like 32 years old. Obviously, this is more of a future pick. For now, you have Matthew Stafford. For now, you have Shawn McVey. Um, but I think in the in the short term and in the long term, the Rams are just a great landing spot for any wide receiver. >> Yeah. I mean, with Tyson, pretty simple. Three level separator, very very good route runner, seamless, fluid mover. Um,

but you kind of pointed out the inconsistencies at the catch point along with just not being an advantage in the Yak game, like you would think the way he moves in his routes, you see a little bit of like that Justin Jefferson, Stefon Diggs flare factor with him. Why doesn't it translate to an after the catch player? Why can't he make people miss? Again, I I believe the the chartered number was six missed tackles forced this season. A guy like, for example, Casey Conpsion, we'll talk about even Eric Mallister, we just recorded the film video for him, who had 27 missed tackles on 71 receptions, like you would think with how fluid Tyson is, he'd be making more people miss. >> Yeah. So, he's a little bit more of a boomer proposition. Like, I think a lot of people are viewing him as like the clear one in this class or whatever. We're we're not quite there. >> Yeah. He's a clear three for us. He's probably in his own tier as a clear three. Like I don't think anybody behind

him is really close to him as far as the upside that he has. But I do prefer Lemon and I do prefer Tate in a vacuum. I think I'm assuming you're just going to go with Mendoza here. Probably pretty straightforward. >> Um very simple. Again, you mentioned like he in order for him to go top two or top three in this class, you would probably need him to be more of like a clear-cut Joe Burrow or potentially even like a a more mobile prospect to be able to give you those rushing yards. Um, I view him in the line of somewhere between like a burrow and a golf as a prospect. More mobile than golf, but a lot of the same things that made people love golf, the intangibles, the accuracy, the natural ability to rip it at all three levels. You do see it naturally with Mendoza. And on top of that, like I said, I really trust this Raiders landing spot. Tom Brady's one of the best quarterbacks to be able to learn from in terms of ownership. And guess what? If you're able to bring in

Clint Kubak, we saw what he was able to do in terms of helping Sam Darnold, building the offense around him, getting him quick hitting quick hitting targets. Again, we will see later on in this mock if the Raiders actually add a receiver. I'm not actually quite sure. I didn't I didn't scan it, but uh even if they didn't draft a receiver in this mock, perhaps I wouldn't even be surprised if they went out and attain and acquired one. >> Yeah. Just again, just to put it in perspective, in the FSE prospect model, you guys are like, "Okay, is he Goff?" Well, Goff was a foundational level quarterback prospect. He is a tier above where the Boomer bust tier is with Mendoza. Mendoza is around guys like M. Jones, JJ McCarthy, Justin Herbert, like I said, Carson Wentz, Jackson Dart, those type of prospects. He's not in the like CJ Strad. Definitely not Joe Burrow's territory. I mean, Burough is generational prospect, but um we're looking at more so like a tick down from

like the CJ Strads of the world. I think just on paper, again, you you want to argue that film is better than those guys, that's totally fine. I'm just saying on paper his profile is worse. >> So I am curious if you looked at specifically his Indiana numbers versus his Cal numbers because I'm assuming his Cal numbers probably >> a lot of the numbers are career numbers but the reason I do that for the quarterback model is because it's a position that requires a lot of context a lot of the time. So I think career numbers paint the best picture of who the quarterback is and it's going to fit it is going to hurt guys who had one really great breakout year for sure especially if they were kind of average quarterbacks for three or four years. But um I I do think that people need to calm down just a little bit on Mendoza. Like it's easy to just go he's burrow. He's he's two tiers behind him in terms of a prospect caliber in the model on paper. Again, his film excellent, as

good as it can be this year, but there's not a redeeming fantasy factor to make him say I'm going to put him 101 or 102 in this class. >> And I and I agree. And it's more so just the fact that we have in my opinion at least three I wouldn't say generational prospects because obviously you know you got Bejon you got you know Mar for example but it's hard to get better than the top three in this class between Jeremiah Love Carnell Tate and Mai Lemon in my opinion. >> Yeah they're at least like you know could be league winners someday prospects if not you know like you said we don't want to call them generational necessarily but um moving into the next uh player here and we do have like a bit of a tear break. We've talked about this before. Um we get some nice draft capital for Jonah Coleman in this mock draft. he does go at the top of the second round. Um, if he gets this capital, just I just want to point this out. If he gets 38th overall draft

capital, even second round draft capital of any kind, he would move himself into the workhorse tier in terms of the prospect model at running back. And we're talking like Javante Williams, you know, Bree Hall level prospects that are in that tier. So, that's actually going to be the direction that I go. Now, I'm not sure if he's going to actually go this high. Like I said, I think it would require him testing pretty well, um, interviewing really well, all that kind of stuff. But, the Houston Texans is a good landing spot for him. It's a good run scheme. It's a team that needs a running back badly right now. Woody Marks ain't it. Uh Nick Chub at this age is not it. Um this is a team that right away he can go to get a receiving work uh receiving role right away. Get an early down role right away. So again, Jonah Coleman, I've yet to actually grade his tape. Again, I'm not sure how high he will stack up. But given that this tier of prospects is that next tier

of wide receivers, Kenyan Sadique, some of these other quarter like we get another first round quarterback in this mock, it is really just pick your flavor. through would depend on your team needs and that kind of thing. But I think generally you get a prospect with 38th overall draft capital who's a workhorse caliber prospect. I mean I would be ranking Jonah Coleman as a top 15 to 12 dynasty running back. So that's why I would take him here at 106. >> Yeah. No, I I agree. I think Jonah Coleman deserves to be in this range. Houston opens up a lot of opportunity there. And uh Jonah Coleman, he's just a three down profile man. We saw what he was able to do out of the backfield this year. He's a very tough runner, very compact. And I also think the juice specifically was a big area of improvement this year for him. Uh coming into this year, he was more of, you know, your classic 5'9, 230 pound Mark Ingram back, but uh I actually mentioned this to you. His body transformation

between last year and this year was pretty notable. >> Yeah. Yeah. It sounds like he slimmed down. Well, I I would say for him to actually get picked this high, he would probably have to run in the four fours or something. Like he would have to show that he's a better athlete. His medicals would have to clear up because he also missed the end of the season this year with an injury. So again, this tier, we're going to rattle through them as far as like who our preferences are and whatnot. Uh who do you want here with the 107? Again, keep in mind we get we get 21st overall draft capital of the Pittsburgh Steelers for Tai Simpson, who's another quarterback at Superflex and in a half tight end premium, how we're doing this here. Kenyon Sadi did go 23rd overall to the Philadelphia Eagles. Dallas Guard is an unrestricted free agent. You'd have to assume that they'd probably let him walk and replace him with Kenyan Sadique in this situation. >> Those are all nice. Um, but I see a

player that I'm already high on getting one of the nuts landing spots. And I love Casey Conpsion here going to the San Francisco 49ers. Hey, guess what, Cory? You need a Brandon Iuk replacement. Casey Conpsion is going to be able to play that role. Casey Conpsion is a guy compared to Emanuel Sanders in terms of his film. He was clearly a top five wide receiver in the cycle. And if if the 49ers were to select him in the first round, that means that at the very minimum, I mean, Brandon Aayuk's already out of the picture, but potentially even Jawan Jennings is off the team. And I do think Casey Conpsion, again, given the Ricky Paw injury concerns, we don't really know at a full-time capacity if he can operate as a one. Now, you have him and Casey interchangeable as the one two in this offense for a quick hitting scheme, using the route running, using the yak ability that Casey has. Man, I wouldn't be shocked if this developed into an 1100, 1200 yard receiver here. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely. I'm a big

fan of Casey's game as well, so I I don't really have anything else to add. I think he can I compared him to somewhere along the lines of like a Jordan Addison, Chris Ave. You you said Emanuel Sanders. I mean, it's funny because Emanuel Sanders almost won San Francisco a Super Bowl if you recall. If Jimmy Garopppolo could actually make that throw. Um, let's see what we got here with the next pick cuz I think I'm kind of torn because the receiver prospects that I like more went in the second round. Yeah. And the ones that I like less went in the first round. Now, based on the FSE prospect models history and hit rates and stuff, it suggests that I should be taking prospects that have higher grades higher than guys who got better draft capital as long as the grade is higher. So, >> I know where you're going. >> I am going to take a receiver here. Again, I would definitely consider taking a Kenyan Sadique or a Tai Simpson if I were in this situation in a real

league and I needed a tight end or I needed a quarterback or whatever. Um, I am going to take Omar Cooper on the Atlanta Falcons because Omar Cooper to me is the best remaining receiver player on the board and also him and Elijah Serat are in the wide receiver 2 upside tier along with Chris Bell who actually got first round capital here. So, I think any one of those guys would be the the right answer. I like the landing spot for all of them. I think Bell fits well with the Patriots. I think SRA fits well with the Steelers. I think Cooper fits well with the Falcons. However, I'm really excited about Kevin Stfansky working with a receiver like this, especially knowing that Drake London, I would say in in this situation, it's possible Kyle Pittz has moved on in free agency, and it might just be Drake London, Omar Cooper there. >> Yeah. No, I think that would be a great fit as well. Um Omar Cooper, a guy that I comp to Pierre Garson, and you do see the similarities, the ability after the

catch, the ability to work at all three levels. Now, obviously with Omar Cooper, that was a red flag on his profile given the usage he got out of the slot. Call me crazy, Corey. I think this is a guy that if he's able to develop into a full route tree player at the next level, he's going to be a plus every area. Short area, we already know what he's able to do. Intermediate, man. You get this guy on dig routes, you get this guy on comeback routes, you get this guy being able to use his ability on breaks to his advantage. I think he can profile into the Brandon Iayuk area where it's like, okay, we're drafting him for his Yakab ability. We're drafting him for his toughness. Now we got one of the best three level receivers in the league after year two. Yeah. No, for sure. And he's projected right now to go kind of in the 70s in terms of his draft capital. But if he if he goes in the 40s, like he goes in this mock draft here, we're talking about comparisons

similar to in terms of a prospect caliber to Brian Thomas Jr. to Michael Pitman Jr., George Pickins. Again, not really play style-wise, but that's the caliber of prospect he would be. And a lot of those guys were worthy of going kind of at the tail end of the first round of their respective rookie drafts and whatnot. So again, maybe you you don't go with Omar Cooper. If you're in my situation, maybe you opt to go for the tight end or the quarterback. I'm just gonna just go pick the player I think is the best prospect because I don't have a team contextwise to say, "Oh, I actually needed a tight end. I'm gonna go Sadiq here." So, I just went with Omar Cooper there, but I'm sure we'll see these the Tai Simpson and Kenyan Sadique called here pretty soon. >> Yeah, good pick. Um, Omar Cooper would have been my pick, my direction at that one as well. Um, now I'm in a little bit more of a conversation here. Obviously, Coleman off the board, Omar off the

board. We could go Sadi for example. If you need a quarterback, this is probably the range that Ty Simpson would hear his name called. though. I'm just not the type of guy that's willing to reach on this profile of a quarterback. Um, for example, a lot of people were like, "Oh, why is Kenny Picket not a consensus top six pick the year that he was drafted?" Simply put, just drafting quarterbacks because they went in the first round is malpractice when better prospects are available. Um, and I honestly think Kenyan Sadique going 23 tight end premium in this scenario, maybe they trade a guy like AJ Brown. Sadi's the type of profile they need in this offense. So, it' be between him and one of the wide receivers. And I actually think I will lean Sadi. If Omar Cooper had fallen, he would have been my pick. With Kenny Sadique, though, like I said, pretty simple. Jaylen Herz needs this type of short area target. It's clear-cut. He needs a guy that's going to be able to contribute after the

catch. We saw what he was able to do when AJ Brown had his head on straight. If AJ Brown's not there, Jan Dawson's not going to be able to fill that role. By this point in his NFL career, we've hoped he could have been something more. He just simply hasn't developed. You need to add fresh blood. If God and AJ Brown are out of the fold, Sadique has the opportunity to be the number two target on this team. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, I don't disagree with you. I think that that's probably the direction I would have went as well, just given the the draft capital discrepancy between him and the other receivers that I have ranked the highest. Um, I think that Sadi makes the most sense there. I also am not going to take Tai Simpson here as well. I'm going to play chicken with him a little just because we're talking about a first round quarterback prospect. he is projected to go in the first round. And even with first round capital, we're looking at a prospect who other than

Jordan Love, there hasn't been a worse quarterback selected in the first round in the history of the FSE prospect model. You think of Paxton Lynch and guys like, they were better prospects in the prospect model than what Tai Simpson is listed at. And again, maybe you make some excuses for him. You're like, "Oh, well, you had Jaylen Milro ahead of him on the depth chart and stuff." He just he's a one-year wonder and he's an older prospect and he doesn't have anything that we really covet for fantasy either. So, it's not like you're taking the risk on a guy who could end up rushing for 900 rushing yards or something like that. At best, we're looking at, you know, the Jared Goff archetype where it's like he needs to be on a good team. >> He's not as big as Goff either. >> Yeah. Like he he's just not really appealing to be honest. Like I don't really see him going in the first round ultimately because I think that NFL teams will realize the same thing. But

from a fantasy perspective, he sure as is not very appealing. So, I'm going to go with one of the receivers. Um whether it is Denzel Boston, who went 37th overall to the Giants in this mockdraft, which I kind of like that fit to be honest because they don't really have size in the receiving core. And also, um Elijah Surro, who goes to the Steelers, who I think was born to play for that team in terms of uh just the type of player he is. He actually would be catching passes from Tai Simpson in this example. All the goal with Denzel Boston, I think, in this class. uh swinging for the fences in terms of like uh a guy who's got size, who's got speed. I like the fit. Um him and Serat are just throw him in a hat. They're so close in terms of my grade for them. Um I'll go with Boston in this situation, though. >> Yeah. And I'll just go with the other one here. I'll go with Elijah Serat, uh who goes to the Steelers in the Smok. Yeah, we're going to continue playing

chicken with Ty Simpson. Um funny enough, a guy that went to the University of Pittsburgh that played in the AFC North is my comp for Eliza Sat. Tyler Boyd, if you remember, coming out of Pittsburgh, played a lot more on the outside at that point. Once he got to the NFL, his ability in the slot was apparent, and that's when he made the full-time transition. I honestly think for Elijah Serat's career, if he makes that full-time transition to the slot, we could be looking at that classic, you know, power slot type of archetype. We know he's a physical player. We know he's tough after the catch. We know he can run routes. The big question for Sarat and why I think his natural transition is to the inside is that I just don't know if he can create that natural separation if he's lined up on X. Yeah. And uh one thing I will like to say for Denzel Boston too is he did mention in the mock draft that Wel Robinson he expects to sign elsewhere. So um Boston would be the clear number

two target. Um a guy that I comped to Jaden Higgins. So if you imagine Jaden Higgins from last year or Michael Pitman Jr. who you comped Denzel Boston to going to work alongside Malik Neighbors. I think that's a really seamless fit in terms of their stuff there. Again, either one of those guys would have been good. My comp for Sir I I I really do think that Sirat has some upside to potentially be just one of these true power forward big slot bully ball Chris Godwin Keenan Allen even up there's moments where he even looks like St. Brown at times man like there's the athleticism is the question for him for sure. We'll see what he ends up testing at. But uh if he gets second round, >> he might run a 47. I I he obviously wouldn't if if he got second round capital. I think he's probably a 457 guy or something like that if he's getting second round capital. >> Yeah. And even if he gets in the four sixes, like I think Keenan Allen obviously is the ultimate ceiling comp

where it's like Keenan Allen was a legit 47 guy based on the film coming out of 2013. Again, I'm not going to pretend like I was watching All 22 when I was 13 years old. I was more likely to pick my nose at recess. Uh, but with Eliza Serat, I could imagine like the narrative with Keenan Allen. I remember it's like, how is this guy falling in the third round? His production, his tape was so good, this and that. And then everybody's like, well, he didn't run a fast 40 and he didn't do the the combine stuff that you wanted to see and there was character concerns and all of that FUD I remember really affected his standing in the 2013 class. But when you can run routes at a high level, when you're tough, when you're willing to go across the middle of the field, that will play. Again, it'll take the right team to be able to select SRA, but there's no doubt in my mind that Pittsburgh would be that right team. >> Yeah. No, for sure. So, I'm back on the

clock here. Um, do I fall in the sword and take take his quarterback? >> Take the quarterback here. I'm not going to because I actually really There's one more player that I would take over him and then I would take Simpson with my next pick. But, I'll uh I'll take Jaren Price. Um, who many scouts Whoops. Many scouts consider to be the number two running back in this class. Ironically, he was the number two running back on his own team uh behind the guy who we took first overall in Jeremiah Love. Jadarian Price, I've seen a lot of people compare him to like, you know, one of these early down running backs. I, you know, he wears number 24. I've seen people throw out Nick Chub as a potential comparison for him because he doesn't really have a whole lot in regard to receiving. However, the nice thing here is that he would go 64th overall to the Seahawks. In this scenario, I would have to imagine Kenneth Walker was signing elsewhere. Otherwise, why would you spend a second

round pick on a running back? and Zack Charbanet after this season and he's coming off of a torn ACL now which he suffered in the playoffs. Um you're looking at Jadarian Price probably being alone in this backfield to begin his rookie season. So I would feel pretty good about the workload that he would get right away. Second round capital, pretty decent prospect. Definitely more of a film guy than an analytics guy though. But again, you have to contextualize that he had one of the better running backs of the last five years in his backfield in Jeremiah Love there. So Jerry and Price be the last guy that I would take over the first round quarterback. But that is uh where I where I'm going to go in that direction there. >> Yeah. And um I guess I'm going to have to bite the bullet. I thought for sure you'd be taking him there. Um I don't like Ty Simpson, the prospect. I don't think he should be a first round pick, but when you're in a super flex league

and you get a first round quarterback at the 2011, like I don't know how you pass it up. >> Again, this isn't like a Jackson Dart of last year. I think I thought Dart was a better prospect. Even a couple years ago, we saw, you know, Pennix and Knicks kind of go in this range. It's just like when a quarterback falls in this range, I feel like you just have to take them. >> Yeah. I I would say that the challenging thing is like some people would be like, "Oh, would you take like Kron Allen, for example, who went to the Minnesota Vikings in the third round? Would you rather take a guy like him who could get some volume right away? Jones is older. Mason, we don't know what his situation is." That's kind of almost parallels to the Jackson Dart versus Caleb Johnson discussion that people would have had last year. It's a third round running back versus a first round quarterback or a late first round quarterback. But the one thing I would argue is that Dart A

was a way better prospect and b had more fantasy upside because he was a better runner than Tai Simpson. And Caleb Johnson, Kron Allen, I think are relatively comparable prospects. So I think that's pretty fair. Um, but yeah, I think at some point you got to take the first round quarterback. Even if you don't like him, you want to factor in that you could be wrong about the player and he could end up gaining a lot of value as a result of that. So I'm going to take the I think the last first round pick in general. Um I'm not extremely high on the player, but I think um >> if Chris Bell went in the first round, which I don't think he will, but if he did go in the first round, >> yeah, if he did go in the first round, you'd have to assume the medicals check out pretty well. Um because he did tear his ACL in November, so maybe the Patriots look at his medicals at the combine. He's making good progress. Obviously, they're no stranger to ACL recoveries because Stefon Diggs just had

one last year, uh and they signed him coming off of the ACL. Uh but Chris Bell, when healthy, has a lot of good redeeming qualities. He's big. He's physical. He can run routes on a simplistic route tree, but you do need to kind of ease him into a route diet in the NFL. But I love the hands. I love the physicality. I do like the speed, too. I think had he tested, had he been healthy to test, he had a chance to run like mid44s at 6 foot, 220 pounds or whatever. So, this is a guy that I I think is if they make this pick, maybe the rationale here is they think he can be their AJ Brown in the Mike Vable scheme or whatever. But even though I don't think he is nearly quite the horizontal athlete AJ Brown was, I think that would be the rationale on their part. >> Yeah, he Chris Bell, he'll get a little bit of AJ Brown comps. You'll get, you know, Debo Samuel. I just don't think he's that much of a lateral mover. And I also question too for a guy that predominantly won on these athletic

traits. What's the athleticism going to look like? If it even if it's 80 to 90% of what it was pre-injjury, for a guy that is just so unrefined like Chris Bell is, I really do worry. Man, this is a guy that I thought ran bad routes. He rounded off his breaks. He didn't really know what he was doing at times on the field, but got there because he was just so physically empowering. He's a dog. He's tough. He's physical. Like, there's there's pros to his game, but the lack of nuance on top of the injury is what's really scaring me. >> Yeah. And it's also why he definitely will not go in the first round. Like, I just >> 31st is I wouldn't have even taken him there if he was fully healthy. For reference, my comp for him is Xavier Legette, who funny enough went 31st overall without a pre-existing injury. >> Yeah. Well, like I mean these like big NFL scouts like Bugler said he was going to go in the first round without the injury. So maybe maybe he was maybe

there's something that NFL teams like about him that we don't. Either way, I think at a certain point you got to respect the draft capital in that situation. And it's it's the Patriots, too. Like you you'd be tethered to Drake May with first round capital. So you'd have to factor that in, especially in this area of the draft where we don't have a lot of certainty about these prospects. Let's uh Danny, let's try and speed this up and rattle through these guys. Who are you going with the 203 here? >> Yeah, I might I might just be going with your Tampa Bay Buccaneer here with Eli Stoers. Uh I'm assuming again, I didn't see the write up for it, but I'm assuming if you're taking a second round tight end, probably Kate Uton's on his way out. >> Yeah, he's he's an unrestricted free agent this year, so I'd imagine you don't resign him. >> Um yeah, I mean, this is the type of profile that got us in love with a guy

like a Ronda Gatson last year. You know, the uh 6'4, 65, 240ish pound type of tight end. I'm assuming that he's going to shorter than that. I think he's like 6'3 and 78 or something like that. He's he's more of like the Fannon build I think as well. >> So So he's listed at 6'4 235 and Gadson ended up being 6'4 242 I think at the combine. So either way though around that type of frame again it's going to be similar usage big slot very very big receiving profile coming out high yards per run. Uh I believe he he was a converted quarterback if I'm not mistaken right. Yeah >> converted quarterback. Um, yeah, he's just an athletic player, can bust down the seam and if he gets top 46 level draft capital to a team that we know wants to throw the football, maybe Mike Evans is on his way out. You add another big target there. You you know, there's a possibility though. Maybe he retires. No, you don't think so? >> I I Okay, he retires. Yes. But he's the

the report that came out yesterday that he's like trying to go to a contender or something like that. Rick Straoud and Greg Almond were both like, we haven't heard that. And those are the two guys that I trust on that regard for sure. and Baker Mayfield said he expects him to come back and play this year. >> Yeah, I just mean more so retire from a dynasty lens, whether it's this year or potentially next year. I think Evans isn't going to be a long-term no factor in his rookie deal. So, if you're talking about a guy that can eventually ascend to the number two, number three target on a team that we know wants to throw the football, you got to be excited for the long-term nature of that, especially in a premium. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, for sure. And this is the area of the draft where I would be like trading picks for veterans if I was a competitive team because this is not like an excellent draft class, especially once you get past this area. I'm gonna go with Zachariah Branch, who

we did actually also just record the um the breakdown of as well. Branch is a fun player, man. He's he's really electric in space. Uh the upside here is that he could turn into like Z Flowers. Um the downside is that he's kind of Rond Del Moesque because he has a shorter the line of scrimmage screen target type of guy. My thing with Zachariah Branch is that I do think there's like a greater than 50% chance that he's more than that. And just how much more than that, I guess, would be the question here. and him going to the New Orleans Saints would be really fun because not only did they take Jeremiah Love in this uh instance in this draft, they also have Chris Lave, Tyler Shuck, they're I guess they would just be surrounding him with weapons. And even if Shuck doesn't work out, you'd have a nice little nest for a young quarterback to go into. And I think Kell Moore would be able to use a player like this because Kell Moore did a pretty good job of getting AJ Brown, Devonte Smith, and

those guys opportunities in space. And he did a pretty good job in Dallas with being able to scheme up targets for people and and scheming up targets for people in Los Angeles, too. I think he's he's got experience with players like this. So, um I do I do like the landing spot for Zachariah Branch and it was one that we brought up in the breakdown of him that that would make sense is New Orleans. >> Yep. No, would really much like that. Um my pick next, you mentioned his name, Katron Allen here going to the Vikings. Kind of like what we expected Jordan Mason to be this year. Again, I'm I'm not exactly sure what the long-term money looks at there. Um what is Mason's contract? Does he mention it in the mock draft? Um, it he doesn't I'm going to So, Katron, for some reason, Sleeper hasn't loaded him in. I'm not sure why. I'm just going to put Singleton in here, who did not hear his name called in the first three rounds, but it's a Penn State running back, so it's close

enough. Um, that is Katron Allen, not Nexus Singleton, but yes, Danny mentioned that he did go to the Minnesota Vikings. He did not have write-ups for the third round, so I have no idea what the situation is. Aaron Jones is like 31 years old. Jordan Mason, I believe, has one year left on his contract. I think he signed a two-year deal last year in free agency like 10.5. >> Yeah. So I think um Katron would be like early in the season probably competing for the job. Later in the season hopefully he wins the job kind of thing. >> Yeah. So he he is signed for 2026. Uh they do have a void after this year. So would be looking like he would be the long-term replacement for uh Jordan Mason. And to be honest Jordan Mason might be a decent little comp for him too. You know compact runner between the tackles guy. Not a burner by any sense. Like I I would be shocked if Kron Allen didn't run like low 45 high 46. That's about the range that I would see from him. >> But he's just a physical contributor to

the backfield. Like is he ever going to be a 20 to 25 touch type of workhorse? Not necessarily. Could he be a 12 to 17 touch goal line opportunity guy? I absolutely can see that. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Um I will grab Jeremy Bernard here who went to the Jets at 44th overall in the draft. And again, I just want to make sure that this is very clear. The reason we're not taking like Singleton, who I had to put in in place of Allen, is because they were not drafted in a three round mock draft. We're not gonna be like, "Oh, well, if Singleton goes in the fourth round, we have no idea what team it was." For the purpose of this exercise, we're only going to draft players who were drafted. But I put, but that's Katron Allen, not Nick Singleton. So, I might even edit over that and put it that it is Kron Allen and not Singleton. Anyways, Jeremy Bernard, 44th overall to the Jets. I actually just graded him this morning. Um, so I'm he's pretty fresh on my mind.

My issue with Jeremy Bernard is that I don't see a massive ceiling with him, but I do think he's a good player and I do think he could be a number two or three receiver in his best range of outcomes. I think on the low end, we're looking more so at somebody like I know this guy didn't work out, but I did like him as a prospect. He kind of reminded me a little bit of Jaylen Pulk um at Washington where Jaylen Pulk was a good receiver, was going to find open grass, good zone coverage beater, had good hands and that kind of thing. But the one issue that Jaylen Pulk has faced is that he's not the greatest separator in the world on downfield routes. And Jeremy Bernard did see a lot of usage around the line of scrimmage in some games against harder competition against Georgia, for example. He wasn't asked really to run a diverse route tree, but he did have some redeeming qualities, did have some redeeming moments. I think he beats press coverage pretty well. I think he he knows how to set up his

routes pretty well. I think the route running aspect of Jeremy Bernard is how he would get there if he becomes a great player. >> Yeah. No, interesting. Again, you you could speak on that. Uh I will be watching Jeremy Bernard later today, but fun prospect again in the broadcast views that I've seen kind of like Romeo Dubzy a little bit. Yeah, I think that's gonna be a popular comp for a lot of people, too. But again, another guy that's more of a number two or a number three receiver and the Jets, honestly, the Jets just need good players in general and I think Jeremy Bernard's a good player and he also would be a good compliment to Garrett Wilson and Adani Mitchell and some of the guys they already have. >> Yeah. Um, my next pick, again, a player that I have not gone around to yet, but I really do like the fit in terms of the landing spot. Uh, Michael Trigg 63rd overall going to the Denver Broncos. Pretty simple here. They signed Evan Ingram to be their starting tight end.

Evan Ingram was not a starting caliber tight end in the NFL this year. They go, they correct that. They spend their second round pick on a tight end out of Baylor who has a lot of redeeming traits, uh, redeeming traits. When you look at the yards perout run, when you look at the athletic profile, I do trust Shawn Payeyton to be able to get the best out of him. Again, I haven't fully uh, conducted my all 22 yet, but I just trust Shawn Peyton being able to get him with second round draft capital here. Yeah, and I'm again, Michael Trig, not Lo Sleeper just added the rookies today. So I I put uh Wyoming's uh John Michael Gylenborg, I think is how you say his name. Um that is Michael Trig, tight end of Baylor, not the Wyoming tight end. I will probably just edit over that so it doesn't even say that. But uh yeah, so he is the one that you go off the board with there. I'll um what do I want to do here? I'll grab a guy that I do know his tape and I do understand what his game

is. I'll I'll grab Chris Purcell here who goes uh 51st overall, I believe. Yeah. To the Carolina Panthers. fun player. >> Fun player. I I would I question this fit a little bit because Tedoro McMillan is a way better version of him. So, I don't really understand the fit, but he can play on the outside. You put Jaylen Coker in a full-time slot role. Xavier Leette maybe you only use for design touches going forward. >> I don't like the fit at all. >> I don't like the fit either, but I do think it kind of makes sense like Coker plays big slot. You put uh Burcell as like a sacrificial X and you can move Tedo McMillan around a little bit more. I just think that McMillan does everything that Brcell does only better. >> Yeah, he he's a good player. super super fluid, can attack, especially in the deep portion of the field. I mean, press coverage, good freaking luck, man. You you don't get clean hands on this guy. He's running by you for six. It's pretty

that it's pretty simple. 6'5, 200lb frame. Probably going to threaten, you know, low four areas about where I had him. And uh yeah, multiple times on film, he's able to create deep separation like nobody's business. Unfortunately, the two areas that he really struggles at the catch point and after the catch. And if you're struggling on two of the three aspects of being, you know, a full-time productive NFL wide receiver, I just have I'm scared of the fact that he might be pigeon holed into like an MVS type of role. I know that's a very lazy lowhanging fruit, but it is a concern. >> Yeah. And it also would make sense in Carolina, like that's how he would be used. Um, because they do have target commanding receivers. Um, uh, who are you looking at here with the 209? There's a couple pretty decent options here, but again, you can see where the strength of this class starts to weaken a little bit is if you don't get good landing spots for some of these guys. Um

were are we really excited about a guy like Chris Purcell? Like we're talking 208. Like we're not talking about a low rookie pick here. It's like a pretty decent rookie pick. >> Yeah. Um and by the way, my comp for um Chris Brazelle, he reminded me a lot of Tyrell Williams. If you remember Tyrell Williams in his second year had about a thousand yards, but it also came with a lot of drops and not a lot after the catch. He's just dicing people up down the field being able to contribute. Number two, number three X type of wide receiver. I do think he's going to be a starter. It's just uh we we'll see what that ceiling is. In terms of my pick, um couple options here. Uh you do have uh the Bills selecting a receiver, Malachi Fields. Uh more of an X-profile. You could go that direction. I also do like Jack Andre going to the Dolphins just simply based off the uh volume of work we've seen with Dolphins tight ends in terms of usage in the offense. Although

maybe that's more of a Mike McDaniel thing. A couple really solid options. Um I'm on the fence here, man. I'm could go with a guy like Antonio Williams lands with the Chiefs. Although I do think his natural role is in the slot and as we've seen with Rasheed Rice, he's been their main slot there. It would be between him and Jacobe Lane. I I'll lean Antonio Williams again. Um probably going to end up being comparable prospects except you do have the advantage of having Patrick Mahomes when he's healthy. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, I think that makes sense. He probably would have been one of the guys I would have considered as well. I actually do really like the Malachi Fields to the Bills fit. Um, and Fields is currently just ripping the Senior Bowl a new ass right now. So, I I do think that he's probably made himself quite a bit of money in terms of where he's now going to get drafted from where he was going to get drafted before. And I have watched a little bit of Fields,

not because I've graded him so far, but I actually roster him in avi. So, I did watch a little bit of him last year. And um, I liked the big big physical skill set. that when I compare him to Jacobe Lane, for example, who is also like the same height, um Fields is a lot more powerful. He's like 25 pounds heavier. So, I do think that Fields can be the type of receiver that they wanted Keon Coleman to be because Keon Coleman when he came out of um Florida State. None of us thought he should play X receiver, right? We all thought, hey, we should use this guy big slot or whatever. Malachi Fields, I think, can actually play receiver for them. And >> what's up, >> Cedric Tolman? >> Yeah, I think he's got a little bit more juice than that. I think he's a little bit more fluid of an athlete. So we'll we'll see what happens with Malachi Fields. But again, just keep in mind that the Senior Bowl matters for NFL teams. Like a lot of the time if Malachi

Fields was thought of to be a fourth round pick going into the Senior Bowl, he might be a second round pick now after what he's done at the Senior Bowl because he's constantly showing up on my timeline as guys that's making plays. >> Yeah. No, I think that makes a ton of sense. I mentioned the name Jacobe Lane. Uh pretty simple here. Uh you're getting Cam Ward, a big touchdown scoring threat on the outside, big time frame physical wide receiver. Um, and honestly, like I personally think they need more of a number one. Like for me, if I'm Tennessee, I would much rather just take a Cardinal Tate in round one than I would just wait. If that's the case, I just wouldn't take a receiver because I mean to me, I man two threes. Yeah. Yeah. Go trade for someone. But I do think in terms of like assembling a basketball team of skill sets, DK your yak guy. I Manor your, you know, Z could play big slot physical after the catch guy. And then I think Jacobe Lane could

be your red zone guy. Like I think it makes sense in theory. I just don't know if it's enough firepower from your one to be able to suffice in this offense. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, that makes sense. Um so for the last pick here, I could go with Ted Hurst who's also turning heads at the Senior Bowl right now. Georgia State wide receiver goes 97th to the Vikings. I don't really love the landing spot there because of course you have Justin Jefferson, Jordan Addison. I mean, we'll see what happens with Addison legally. I think he's probably going to be fine in that regard. You got to deal with JJ McCarthy. I'll just take the the draft capital and assume that some things worked itself out. I'll go with Skyler Bell here who is not listed on here. So maybe I just won't take him because he is not listed. Um is Ted Hurst listed here? Yeah, let's go Ted Hurst instead. Let's go Ted Hurst. Maybe he is the guy that um some people are saying he is at the Senior Bowl. He's 6' 3", 207 pounds.

They don't really have a whole lot of size in that receiving court right now. It's Jefferson's not a big guy. Addison's not a big guy. Hawinson hasn't really been great since his injury. So maybe Ted Hurst can give them a downfield element. Again, Skyler Bell also of Yukon went to the Colts at 78th overall. Maybe they move on from Pitman. Maybe they don't resign Pierce. Maybe both of those things happen. I think that one of them will happen whether Pierce leaves or Pitman is gone. I think one of them will happen, but we'll have to wait and see there. The one thing that I don't love about that landing spot is that Skyler Bell is probably best suited to play slot receiver who Josh like Josh Downs to me is just a better receiver than him. So, I don't see why um Skyler Bell would really make sense there. We also see Max Claire, the Ohio State tight end, go to the Texans. We see Garrett Nusmire who some people are starting to champion because he was hurt this year that that's why he had a

bad year. He goes 75th to the Dolphins and then a couple other guys. You mentioned Jack Andre, Deion Burks, etc. Again, we just did a mock draft based on the three round mock that Ryan Roberts gave us here. We're going to do this many more times. So, we're going to get to get get to know a lot more fits, a lot more draft capital pairings, a lot more decision points that we're going to have. And again, if you guys want more thoughts on our our our prospect opinions, our Dynasty rookie rankings are live on the Flock Fantasy site right now. and February 15th, our Dynasty Rookie Draft Guide version one, meaning the top 24 25 players that we've graded. Watch the tape, made the uh the cards for as you suh see here with the Zachariah Branch one that we recorded today. You can see all the strengths, all the weaknesses, projected draft capital, NFL roles, ceilings, floors, comparisons, potential fits, prospect model stuff integrated right in there. Like for Zachariah Branch, floor Rond

Del Moore, median Marvin Mim, ceiling Curtis Samuel, you get all of that. Yeah, exactly. And then you see Washington, New Orleans, and Atlanta there as the fits there. And then prospect video. Again, we have like a 20, 25, 30 minute breakdown of me and Danny breaking down film of the player, talking about their strengths and weaknesses and all the stuff that we noticed when we were watching them. And we'll have updates for the combine once they test. And we'll have updates post-draft when they actually get drafted and we know the landing spots. So definitely stay tuned for that. flockfantasy.com promo code FSE can get you access to it. 7-day free trial. Again, that will be live February 15th will be the first edition. And of course, we also have the prospects tab getting a major update over on the site if you want to tinker with the prospects tab and use the FSE prospect model. The devs are getting those loaded in. I sent them the quarterbacks, the running backs, and the wide receivers this week

and I'm going to be sending them the tight ends today. So hopefully by the next week or so that will all be updated on the site and you can tinker with that over there, too. So link down below for uh for all of that. That'll be linked in the description. Leave a like if you enjoyed this video. Subscribe if you're new around here and comment down below what was your favorite pick, your least favorite pick and all that good stuff. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
