Wide receivers to target and avoid, part two. We now have athletic testing, official measurements, some 40 times, some jumps, some RAS numbers, all that stuff to get into, plus some brand new draft capital projections for a lot of the wide receivers in the 2026 NFL Draft. I did the tight end video yesterday if you want to check that out. We'll be doing the running backs and the quarterbacks following the NFL Scouting Combine in the coming days. Going to link both part one of this video that I did about 6 weeks ago breaking down the profiles and the model and all that kind of stuff. So, you're not going to hear me go in-depth on actually how the model works and that kind of thing. This is going to be more just a winners and a losers based on the players that performed at the NFL Scouting Combine at the wide receiver position. Now, bad news, and I hate this. I'm going to yell at the clouds for a second and be a petulant child. My top six wide receivers in the prospect model, none of

them qualified to be in this video because they didn't do enough testing. So, I'm a little annoyed we didn't get a bunch more testing from this wide receiver group, but we will go over the guys who did test in a second. The guys who did not test, so we'll have to wait for their pro days and whatnot. Makai Lemon from USC, currently my wide receiver one in the class. He looked great in the drills, but no testing, didn't run a 40, none of that stuff. USC's pro day has not been set yet. It'll probably be at the end of March. Elijah Sorat from Indiana, one of my favorite values in rookie drafts and in the wide receiver class. Just did the field drills, also looked pretty good, but again, pro day will be when he does his testing. That is April 1st. Casey Concepcion from Texas A&M, did weigh in and actually kind of a sneaky winner of the weigh-ins because he was listed like 5'11, 190 lbs. I was worried he'd come in under that. He came in at nearly 6 ft

tall, 196 lbs. So, definitely big news for him. Thought it was possible he would be undersized. I expect him to run and test at Texas A&M's pro day. Again, not officially decided when that'll be, but it'll probably be at the end of March. And then Chris Bell from Louisville, obviously didn't test cuz he's coming off a torn ACL that he suffered at the end of November. Did come in just a hair under 6'2, 220 lb. My favorite sleeper wide receiver in the class, Eric McAlister from TCU, did not do any testing. He came in at 6'4, 196 lb though, which is a little taller than what he was listed at. Wish he would have tested because I think he's projected to go in the fifth or the sixth round, and good testing would have helped him as would the interviews as we talked about on uh Friday. Others who didn't test, CJ Daniels from Miami, he's expected to test on March 23rd. Some small school sleepers like Tyrell Montgomery from John Carroll wasn't invited to the combine, nor was North

Texas wide receiver Cameron Domer. So, that's kind of the guys that I won't talk about, and also some guys that did do some testing but didn't do enough to qualify. We have Carnell Tate from Ohio State, currently my wide receiver two in the class, just ran the 40-yard dash. Everybody's freaking out about Carnell Tate because he ran a 4.52 officially. March 25th is his pro day. I'm not worried about the 40 time. He was projected to run in the mid 4.5s. So, him running 4.52 is just fine with me. If people thought he was going to run in the 4.4s, I'm not really sure what tape you were watching, but that is not his game and it never was. So, I'm not really worried about the 4.52. That's honestly just fine. It's about the speed that CD Lamb was, no problem. Jalin Hyatt from Tennessee did run a 40 at 4.37, which is an excellent time for him. Came in at 6'4, 198 lb. Certainly impressive across the board. March 31st is his pro day cuz he did not do any jumps, didn't do any agilities or

anything like that, so he doesn't qualify for an RAS card, courtesy of Math Bomb. He's kind of like Robbie Anderson, DJ Chark based on his athletic testing so far. And then Washington wide receiver Denzel Boston, again, a lot of these top guys didn't do much. Just did the vertical jump, 35 in, not excellent. And March 16th is his pro day. So, let's break down the guys that actually did do enough testing to, you know, come up with RAS numbers for. Winner number one that I have here, and I'm kind of going in order of how the prospect model ranks them. Omar Cooper Jr. from University of Indiana. Grade is up 6% since the first time I did this video. Now, part of that is cuz he was projected to go in the third round when I did this video the first time, and he's now projected to go in the second round. But, really solid numbers here. Uh faster than I thought. He ran a 4.47. Um 6 ft, 196 lb is about what he was listed at. The comp is still Brandon Aiyuk, because that's about the same size

profile we're talking about. And of course, uh the yards after catch ability and the on-field play is very similar to Brandon Aiyuk in the analytics grade, and the traits numbers, and all that kind of stuff. So, Omar Cooper Jr. I thought he was a nice winner of the first uh combine here, because he was one of the few receivers who was being talked about as a potential first-rounder that actually did most of the testing. And also, he jumped 37 in in the broad, and weighed in pretty solid. So, Omar Cooper Jr. a sneaky winner from the combine. Nothing crazy, but Cooper essentially did what he needed to do. He checked the box. 4.47 speed. I believe his second run was a 4.43 unofficially, but it looks like officially did come in as 4.47 as the fastest that he ran. Moving into the next winner that we have here, we got Jacob Eason. Lane, wide receiver, USC. His grade up 2% after his combine uh from what his grade was in the draft guide. One of my favorite prospects in the entire draft. My concern for Jacob

Eason Lane was primarily agility, and unfortunately, he didn't do the agility drills. So, maybe we'll have to wait until USC's pro day to see that. But, I do really like the jumps that I saw. 40-in vertical, nearly an 11 broad. Definitely a guy who's going to win in that regard, because he's 6 ft 4, and he wins at the catch point. He's going to need to have good jumps. And 4.47 is a little faster than I thought he was going to run. I thought he would be more like a 4.53, 4.55 type of guy. So, definitely really intriguing from Jacob Eason Lane. Reportedly, he didn't have a great Senior Bowl. So, the fact that he came out, had a good on-field workout, too, from what I watched of him. He looked smooth, ran a nice gauntlet, etc. So, Jacob Eason Lane, I think his stock is probably on the rise in the eyes of most NFL teams. Athletically, he's kind of comparable to like a Josh Doctson type of wide receiver, but I love his toughness. Think he has a higher ceiling

than a guy like Josh Doctson. I'm not going to say he's like T Higgins or anything like that, but he does have the same size profile and I think like 80 to 90% of T Higgins as a route runner is what he could develop into. Now, I know Jacoby Lane has some, you know, stigma around him that he can't separate, but I really liked what I saw from him on his film at USC, especially when you consider he produced alongside NFL talents. He had Makai Lemon in his wide receiver core his entire career. Zachariah Branch was there, Deuce Robinson was there for his first two seasons and he still was a pretty productive dude. Some of the comps that show up for Jacoby Lane you see, I mean Terrace Marshall, DJ Chark, not excellent names, but I mean DJ Chark had a 1,000 yard season in the NFL and then Nico Collins would be like the really, really high-end comp. Don't think he's quite that level of separator, but he could develop year two, year three into a much better separator. That's kind of

what I'm betting on with Jacoby Lane. Moving into the next winner from the combine here, we have Antonio Williams, wide receiver from Clemson. His grade bumped up 2 and 1/2% from where it was before and all of these updated grades will be in the prospects tab of flockfantasy.com and of course will be in the second edition of our draft guide which is coming out about a week from now. When we add in all of the combine video and all of the combine updates, you can get that over on flockfantasy.com. Link down below in the pinned comment. I was nervous that Antonio Williams one would not be healthy cuz he wasn't healthy most of 2025, so he checked that box clearly cuz he was testing. And number two, I thought he'd be a little smaller than 5'11, 190 lb which is what he was listed at. Came in basically as expected, 5'11 and 1/2, 187 lb. Also, I didn't expect him to run a 4.41, so the fact that he ran that fast with a 95th percentile vertical jump is really nice because I

think he's going to be a slot receiver in the NFL. He played the slot most of his college career. But it is worth noting that his best season was his junior year where he played the least amount in the slot. He was only in the slot 58% of the time and athletically he's actually comparable to like Garrett Wilson and Ladd McConkey. It's not like he's not a good enough athlete or not big enough to play on the outside. Like he's almost 6-ft tall, 190-ish lbs. Like, it's not like he's 175 lbs like Josh Downs or something like that. So, Antonio Williams definitely an interesting name for me, one of my favorite kind of round two, early round three type of options in rookie drafts right now. Next up, we have Jeremy Bernard, wide receiver from Alabama. He lost 5 and 1/2% of his grade from the first time I did this video, but it's mostly because his projected draft capital went from round two to round three. He actually did test pretty well relative to what I saw from him um

you know, on film and he dropped from a wide receiver three upside prospect to a flex play, which is not ideal. But, I thought it was possible he'd run in like the mid-4.5s, not really be that athletic. Came in slightly bigger than what he was listed, 6-ft 1 and some change, 206 lbs, 4.48 40. Um broad jump was really good. Three cone um was really good as well. So, I think you're looking at Jeremy Bernard as like could he develop into a really good number two wide receiver? Could he be Romeo Dobbs? Could he even be like on the very, very high end of things like a Rashee Rice or a JuJu Smith-Schuster who excels against zone coverage, wins over the middle of the field. Athletically, I feel nice about what Jeremy Bernard did at the combine. Um some of the comps in the model now are like Jaylen McMillan, Jermaine Burton, Jaylen Tolbert, guys like that. Again, not exceptional prospects, but I think Jaylen McMillan would be a good kind of median for him to become. Um Skyler Bell, uh wide receiver from UConn, so a small

school guy. His grade is up 4% and I wasn't super unexpect- it wasn't super unexpected to me that Skyler Bell tested well because I thought he was a great athlete on his film. He reminded me kind of a little bit of like Jaden Reed, somewhere in that range. Um 4.40 was definitely likely. He was projected to run 4.42, I believe, in the the prospect model in the first edition. Being this good of a jumper is definitely en- encouraging to me. 41-in vertical, 11-plus broad jump. This should really also help him because he's a small school player, too. Um NFL teams are inherently a little skeptical of small school guys athletically, so the fact that you go out there and not only check that box, you really check that box at 6 ft 192. You're big enough to play on the outside, you have the speed to play on the outside, you have the vertical and the broad to be able to, you know, develop as a route runner. His comps aren't encouraging, but you look at some of the other smaller school

guys there, uh Ty Felton, Jalen Tolbert, Luke McCaffrey. Again, not exciting names there, but I think in the early third round or so of rookie drafts, we'll see Skylar Bell um become an interesting name for a lot of people. Now, let's get into like some of the freaks here. Now, as you might notice, like I said, I'm going in for the winners list. I'm not going of in the order who was the biggest winner. I'm going in the order of who were the best prospects first on tape, on their production profiles, and then how they performed at the combine. But you can argue that the guys that I'm about to talk about were the biggest winners, helped themselves the most at the combine cuz they put up freaky numbers. Let's group two guys together, two small school wide receivers, Christian Watson from North Dakota State and Ted Hurst from Georgia State. Christian Watson's grade went down 4% from the first edition, but that's because his draft capital dropped to the fifth round from

the third round when I did the first edition of this video. After this combine, I expect his draft capital projection to rebound back into round three. And if that happens, his grade is actually up 5% and Ted Hurst from Georgia State up a whopping 7%. He was initially projected to go round four, now he's projected to go in round three. Both of these guys are big, fast, athletic as hell. Christian Watson, you see 6 ft 3 204 lbs ran a 4.34 and a 41 and 1/2 inch vertical jump over an 11 broad. Also has really solid length as well, 9.98 RAS score. Again, if you're unfamiliar, it's out of 10, so he's like basically a 99th percentile athlete. The exciting thing for Christian Watson is that he tested almost identical to Christian Watson, who also went to North Dakota State, who also was a little bit older coming out, who also had a little bit development that needed to happen. But But nice thing about Christian Watson versus Watson is he doesn't have all the injury issues that Watson had coming out and he

has better hands than Watson had coming out too cuz drops were a big problem for Watson early in his career. I really like Bryce Lance. I liked his film. He'll be in the second edition of our draft guide when you guys see my grade in my comps and whatnot for him. Spoiler alert, my comp was Christian Watson because they do play a lot alike. But Bryce Lance definitely helped himself a lot specifically as it relates to draft capital. Again, when you're a small school guy and you go out there and you drop a hammer of a freaking athletic testing and a good workout as well, that is going to make NFL teams go, "Yeah, round three, let's pull the trigger. We were thinking round five coming in, but now he's more of a round three guy." That's awesome. And Ted Hearst from Georgia State, like I said, great testing as well. 6'4, 206 lb, doesn't have enough to complete an RAS card because he didn't do all the jumps and whatnot. But if you squint a little bit and you give him like let's say a

38-in vertical jump considering he led all wide receivers with an 11-3 broad, I think he would have verticaled at least 38 in. We're looking at a 9.92 RAS score estimated. Again, it's not official cuz he didn't end up doing the vertical jump, but Ted Hearst very athletic. Came He was listed 6'3, came in at 6'4. Also apparently had a good Senior Bowl too, so Ted Hearst and Bryce Lance, two of my favorite small school sleeper wide receivers. Both of them are inside my top 20 wide receivers as well and I I do like them akin to like Tory Horton last year who was also a guy in this range that I really liked. Alec Pierce who's about to get a huge contract very similar play style to both of these guys. And then on the lower end of things, you think of like a Miles Boykin or an Equanimeous St. Brown who were also both big, very athletic wide receivers. Speaking of big athletic wide receivers, Jeff Caldwell from Cincinnati who on Friday Danny and I were like, "Who's the guy who blows this up?" And I

said Jeff Caldwell could be that guy and he abs- not only did he blow it up, he might be the most athletic wide receiver in the history of the combine. His grade went up 3% and that's with projected late seventh round draft capital. Now I can tell you for free that he's probably going to go higher in the late seventh round now because after testing the way he tested and like no exaggeration, he tested like Calvin Johnson, he's probably at least going to go in the fourth or the fifth round if I had to guess, maybe even higher. He had a weird college career and I haven't really talked about him much, so I'll give you kind of just a quick rundown. He was a small school guy at Lindenwood for 3 years. His final year as a junior at Lindenwood, he put up 1,000 yards and 11 touchdowns. He then transfers into Cincinnati as a senior and has 2.16 yards per route run, 478 yards, six touchdowns, but he was a plus 15 ADoT wide receiver. So, he's more of a downfield guy, similar to what Alec

Pierce was when he was at Cincinnati, where he's just big, he's athletic, let's go downfield and make some plays happen. Um but really productive at a small school before that, 2.99 yards per route run, like I said, 11 touchdowns, 1,000 plus yards at Lindenwood. Jeff Caldwell doesn't have a great profile, but I think the guy right below him is the perfect comp. Andrei Iosivas came out of Princeton, had a very good production, you know, at Princeton and also had a very good combine, too. Isaac TeSlaa, also a really good combine. Dontay Thornton last year had a very good combine. Savion Williams also had a good combine. I would say my favorite comp there is definitely Andrei Iosivas and I think he could turn into something akin to what Andrei Iosivas has become for the Bengals, which again, for fantasy, has that been excellent? No, but if you're in a dynasty best ball league, I think Jeff Caldwell's worth a shot in the late rounds. Dion Burks from Oklahoma, up 6% on his grade, one of the

biggest risers from the first video. Um the problem with Deion Burks is not athleticism, clearly. I mean, you can see he ran a 4.30, uh nearly cracked the 4.2s at 5 ft, I I believe 9 and some change and also 180 lbs. He also had elite vertical, elite broad jump. He also led all the wide receivers in bench press reps, which is extremely extremely impressive for a guy who's 180 lbs. He ripped bench of 26 times at uh at at that weight. It like again, 225 lb is 45 lb heavier than he weighs. So, the fact that he ripped it up 26 times is pretty insane to me. Does that really matter for fantasy? No. Um what matters is usually production profile and his wasn't good. 65.8 receiving grade, 630 yd was his best career season, and uh 1.36 career yd per route run. Yes, he's fast. That doesn't mean he's good. His comps are like Trey Tucker, uh the Danny Gray, Charlie Jones. Like it's not good territory to be in. He's a waiver wire caliber prospect. You're hoping that like one

out of every 11 of these become fantasy relevant. So, maybe it's Deion Burks, but I wouldn't get crazy with him. The one thing that's intriguing about Burks he is expected to go at least like in the fourth or the third round, maybe even a little bit higher than that. And if he gets the capital, I would say he's probably more of like a landmine that I would let my league mates draft, but he'll push other players down the board if he ends up getting the capital and because of the athleticism, people might get excited about him. Let's talk about the losers of the wide receiver position at the combine. Um for starters, all of us cuz none of the top receivers did most of the combine. Like I said, Rakim Jarrett didn't do much. Carnell Tate only ran a 40. Uh Denzel Boston didn't do much. Casey Washington didn't really do that much. Elijah Sarratt didn't do that much. Um Jordan Tyson wasn't healthy enough to participate by the sounds of it. So, we kind of got screwed

for the second straight year cuz last year I Buca McMillan and Hunter didn't do anything at the combine. So, hopefully more guys do at their pro day cuz from a, you know, analytics standpoint on my side of things, I want numbers in my model. I need them to test at their pro day so that I can, um you know, feel okay in my body. But, uh let's go with the losers of the combine. Malachi Fields from Notre Dame, excellent Senior Bowl, not a great combine. His grade dropped about 2%. He ran a 4.61, which I kind of expected him to. I'm not going to drop my grade on him very much. What I'm expecting to happen is most of the market to catch up with where me and Danny were on Malachi Fields. Where both of us thought, "Okay, in the third round, in the fourth round of the NFL draft, I would take a swing on this guy. Fine. Dane Brugler, Mel Kiper, Daniel Jeremiah thought this was a first-round receiver. So, him dropping down probably more to a late day two kind of guy, we made that clear in our draft guide

that that's what we thought of him. The reason I'm concerned about Malachi Fields too as a player was his ability to separate, create I mean, he didn't really create a whole lot of separation on tape, and he also, except as a 50/50 guy, didn't really win with agility or anything like that. So, the fact that he also had a 42nd percentile three-cone uh and a 4.61 40-yard dash. He is to me, like everybody calls Keon Coleman Keon Coleman. I think that he's the one that's most like Keon Coleman in this class. And Keon Coleman's becoming this like, you know, euphemism for wide receiver who's big and can't separate. And Malachi Fields to me is more like that than Keon Coleman even was. Um so, Malachi Fields, again, you see some of the comps there. Chase Claypool, also a uh a former Golden Domer. Cedric Tillman, I think is probably the most apt comparison as far as how he wins and what kind of player I think he can be at the next level. Christian Watson, just

far too athletic really for that uh comp to hold up, but he is similarly uh graded prospect profile-wise. And then the other loser of the combine at the wide receiver positions, these are the only two. Um Zachariah Branch, not because Zachariah Branch tested poorly. I mean, he ran really well, 4.35, but I expected that. He jumped really well, uh 38-in vert, 10.5 broad. I expected that as well. I'm not going to double count that testing. I knew he was a great athlete. But, I do think it's way more damning and why he's a loser is that instead of being 5'10 180 like he was listed, he came in at 5'8 177. So, under 5'10 is tough, man. That's that's really short. That's really small. There's not a huge list of wide receivers who've been excellent fantasy players who are 5'9 or shorter. There's a couple of guys you can point to, for sure, you know, the likes of Tyreek Hill and Antonio Brown and you know, uh those type of guys, but yeah, like this is Zachariah Branch

because he's more of like this short target, YAC target, that kind of thing. He's He's gearing more towards, you know, Elijah Moore territory. Um you know, some of the prospects like that. Guys who were We viewed them as slot receivers or gadget guys more so than than full-time dudes. And Zachariah Branch coming into the combine was my wide receiver uh eight in the class if I'm not mistaken. I think this this uh weigh-in will probably lower his grade a little bit for me because I did think he was about 5'10, 5'11 and he definitely isn't now after the weigh-in. He'll probably low uh go below where I have Chris Bell and Jacoby Lane and those type of guys cuz I just trust the size profile a little bit more than I do with Zachariah Branch. Could he still be like Josh Downs or something like that? Absolutely. But is he going to be Zay Flowers? I don't think so because Flowers was also way better downfield in college, a little bit tougher, a little bit more physical, and a little bit more

rocked up as well. Branch doesn't quite have the girth to be able to play on the outside at this point time. It's going to take some development for him. So again, could he be Josh Downs? Yes. But I'm a little bit more concerned about Zachariah Branch than I was before. Still a great athlete, still going to help a team, especially on special teams and as a gadget player. But for a fantasy team or for dynasty players like us, I don't love what I saw from him at the weigh-in there, even though he tested well. Um quick rapid-fire guys that I are not really fantasy relevant. Like if you like some of these guys, good for you. I don't really care. Uh Caleb Douglas, wide receiver Texas Tech, tested really well, ran really fast, got some size to him. Doesn't really have a lot of great production, so I'm not super interested. But if you like him, he tested well, he's a winner. Eric Rivers from uh Georgia Tech, ran super fast, kind of expected that. Uh small slot receiver,

came in 175. He was listed like 165, so that's kind of a sneaky win for him. Um but again, not super interesting. Kendrick Law, pretty bad production profile, but ran fast and has okay size and jumped really high. Again, not super interesting, but if you like him, go nuts. Uh the one guy that's moderately interesting here is DeShawn Stripling from uh Ole Miss, who ran in the 4-3s, also had some pretty good jumps, also has good size at 6'2 207. Some of the comps that you see there, again, very similar to what I said with some other guys like Andre Yosh Bash, Dante Thornton, Ryan Flournoy. Those type of guys, yeah, not super interesting, but if you like them, go nuts. And then Jamichael Sturdivant was the second best tester, period, other than Jeff Caldwell. He ended up with a 9.96 RAS score, really good testing, but he's been been in college football for like 5 years and hasn't really been that productive. So, not super interested in him. Um that is the wide receiver

position. How they performed at the combine. Again, unfortunately, we didn't see the top guys go. We will see that uh come the pro day. Quick plug at the end of this video. Number one, if you want our dynasty rookie draft guide, we will be undergoing some updates this week. By the end of the week, we'll have updated combine uh information into the prospect profiles that you can see on the screen. We'll have the prospects from the prospect model that I've been updating all weekend into the prospects tab on flockfantasy.com. So, if you want to tinker with everything, all that information should be up-to-date by the end of the week. And also, too, we have a brand new listener dynasty best ball league that we are going to be running in the next couple of weeks. Uh March 8th, so a week from today, is when we're going to draw names for that. If you want to get in for free, you get one ballot for doing that. If you're an annual mother flocker on flock fantasy using promo code FSE only, you'll get

five ballots to get in that league. So, if you want a chance to be in a league with both Danny and I, we're both going to be in it. The league buy-in will be, you know, 100-plus dollars. All the the details are in the uh description of that Google form that is linked in the pin comment. Fill that out. Again, you can get in for free potentially, or you have a better chance to get in if you're a site subscriber. Check that all out if you guys are interested. Leave a like if you enjoyed this video. Subscribe if you're new around here. Running backs will be coming tomorrow. Quarterbacks probably the day after or Wednesday. Check that out once it comes out. But, with that being said, peace out. I'll talk to you soon. >> I I I I I I I I
