Today we are breaking down a two round dynasty superflex rookie mockd draft with a three round NFL mockd draft courtesy of Ryan Moran over at Pro Football Network. We are going to break down all these landing spots, all these fits, the draft capital. This, I would say, Danny, is going to be one of the better mock drafts as far as like rookie picks gaining value, people being excited about their rookie picks because, as we know, the 2026 NFL draft has gotten some uh choice words about the late first round, early second round. But post Combine, people seem more optimistic. Such is life. Every year we get rookie fever. Every year people fall in love with prospects. And this mock specifically is a good example of what happens when it all runs pure. when we actually get some good draft capital for the running backs, we get Tai Simpson in the first round, we get some good landing spots for the wide receivers. >> Yeah, this would be a big time uh boost if you know what happens in this mock

actually happens on the NFL draft because again you kind of mentioned it like outside of the top end of the first round, people have a big time question for who's going to emerge, who's going to end up being the late first round picks, who's going to end up being the top of the second round picks. And I will say with this mock draft, it kind of materializes nicely. >> Yeah, let's go. Uh you want to go first? You want me to go first? >> Um, you know what? I'll go first. Uh, there there's a clear 101 here. He gets the nuts landing spot to a team that needs this type of player quite frankly. Like they've had, you know, the Jerk McKinnons. They've had, you know, the Scat Backs, the Kareem Hunts, the handle between the touches tackle or between the tackles touches. Like, we haven't seen a workhorse in Kansas City since 2017. Kareem Hunt. Imagine you get Jeremiah Love, a guy who can play on all three downs. Not only that, he could be weaponized on all three downs. That

tested even faster than I thought. I thought, okay, maybe, you know, he'll be in the low 44 range, probably, you know, just a bit faster than what Bejon was. He ends up running a 436 at the combine. The Kansas City Chiefs, we say it every year, oh, if you take a, you know, a running back in the top five, a running back in the top 10, you have to make sure that your roster can be able to handle it. When you have Patrick Mahomes and the floor of being a top 10 offense because of Patrick Mahomes, taking the guy that could truly unlock that top end ceiling, man, Jeremiah Love can contend for a top three running back as soon as his rookie year. Yeah. No, this would be a home run for Jeremiah Love for so many different reasons. It's so obvious by the landing spot that Kansas City needs a running back. It's so obvious that Jeremiah Love, I saw a list come out earlier today. It was like the best running backs over the last 15 years or whatever. And ironically, it was in the exact order that they rank in the

prospect model. and they had Jeremiah Love listed third behind only Bejian Robinson and Saquon Barkley. So, we are truly talking about a legit >> special running back talent. Jeremiah Love and of course you guys can get all of these player cards in our draft guide. You can see the strengths there. He's explosive. He runs the 436 receiving threat instincts, running back tools, contact balance, size, three down ability, everything in between. And uh our up our update for our postcombine version of these is live. You guys can see 436 40 yard dash time which is what he ran at the combine. The speed score in the 98th percentile. Excellent prospect Jeremiah Love. Let's talk about the 102 which is where I'm picking from here. And couple of different options. Uh wide receiver one in my pre-draft rankings is Mai Lemon who was the source of some weird speculation uh relating to his personality and the way he does interviews. I'm not really concerned about it. It seems more like the Los

Angeles Rams started that rumor so he can fall to them at 13. Just my opinion, but Mai Lemon goes eighth overall to the Saints here. Carnell Tate, who ran a 4540 yard dash, not really concerned about it. Some scouts apparently said he ran faster. I didn't think he was going to run much faster than that anyway. CD Lamb ran in the low 45s. It doesn't really concern me. Carl Tate goes sixth overall to the Cleveland Browns in this example. And then we also of course have Mendoza go 101 to the Raiders and Jordan Tyson goes to the Ravens at 14. I am going to go with my wide receiver one pre-draft, Mai Lemon, with this selection. I'll take Mai Lemon here at the 102. Like I said, going with the eighth overall pick selection to the New Orleans Saints. I'm not, as we talked about for about three and a half hours on our stream the other day. I'm not extremely high on Tyler Shuck, but I am extremely high on Mai Lemon and his ability to be a zone beating wide receiver, yakability, dog mentality,

downfield usage, magnetic hands. He is not probably going to blaze like a 44 40 yard dash or 4-3 40 yard dash as evidenced by the fact that he did not run at the combine but he makes very very few u mistakes and he is the type of PPR scam wide receiver that smashes in today's NFL the puka nuas the JSN's the Russ Browns >> yeah I think he probably would have run a similar time to like what Carnell Tate was you know like a low four five type of area maybe he cracks the high fours not really you know a big strength of his game but what you've noticed in these last two picks Gory potential fit by both of mine. I would love Mai Lemon to go to the New Orleans Saints like I would love Jeremiah Love to go to the Kansas City Chiefs. When you're talking about what that Saints offense needs, you have your, you know, pure route runner separator with Chris Ave. You have Jawan Johnson to be, you know, your goal line threat. They need the guy that can line up in the slot and create, you

know, the five yard little chunk, turn it into 15, the 10 yard chunk, turn it into 21 yards. That is what they need. We've seen it time and time again with the Kellmore offense. Having that number one slot wide receiver is where he wants to revolve the offense around. We saw it with CD Lamb. We saw it when AJ Brown was in the slot when Devonte Smith was in the slot. Basically, the slot wide receiver is the king for the Kell Moore offense and Mai Lemon going eighth overall. Man, you can't picture a better spot for 150 plus targets. >> Absolutely. Yeah. The the CD Lamb connection that you made there. Like Mai Lemon, just to be perfectly clear here, is closer to CD Lamb than he is to Jackson Smith and Jigba in the prospect model. Like that's and with top 10 draft capital, he would actually be above CD Lamb in the prospect model because he's projected to go outside the top 10 right now. So this is a dude who is an ironclad prospect that if people are going to fade him because he had demon

time interviews, I will take all of the discounts I possibly can. You're on the board. I'm assuming you're going to go with Carnell Tate. um because he's your wide receiver one and he goes sixth overall to the Browns, a team that absolutely could use a number one wide receiver. >> Yeah. And on paper obviously you want, you know, a better quarterback situation for Carnell Tape. But he would be the unquestioned alpha in Cleveland. Obviously, you got the Ohio connection there. Goes to Ohio State, stays in Cleveland, Ohio there with the Browns. Man, he is just so smooth, so fluid for a big ex wide receiver. 6 to 195 pounds. I don't care if he ran a 454 or a 45 or 52, whatever the overall official number was. Like, sure, I thought maybe he could crack that high 44 range, man. But to me, I mean, Devonte Adams ran a 452, and that was my literal comp for him. >> Yeah. Yeah. I'm not really worried about the 40 time when we did his film breakdown in our video draft guide. We

kind of did disagree on his speed a little bit. Like, I thought he was more of a fours guy and you were more in the camp that he might have been cracking the high fours or the mid four4s. So, either way, again, is it important? No. It's not important at all. Like the range >> more impressive to be honest that he was creating so much separation with four five speed. >> Like there's actually no discernable difference in terms of projected hit rate correlation to fantasy production for running super fast. In fact, it's actually a negative correlation if you run like 435 or faster. And then it's a negative correlation if you're 460 or slower. But being anywhere between 440 and 457, there's no discernable difference. You're NFL fast. You have NFL speed. If your game is speed, you want to be closer to the 44 side of things. If your game is route running and not really speed like Carnell Tates is not really a speed game, then 452 or 454, whatever it is, is is just fine.

>> Yeah. And like you mentioned CD Lamb, obviously I just mentioned Devonte Adams, DeAndre Hopkins, Larry Fitzgerald. Time and time again, if you're a smooth separator with four or five speed, hey, guess what? That nuance of be being able to create snap separation on your brakes, you can't teach that, man. and and as we've seen with Carnell Tate, he was already a fivestar coming into Ohio State and he truly learned the nuance of playing the wide receiver position. So regardless if that said 447, okay, maybe he goes off the board fourth overall to the Titans in this mock. I'm sure at number six the Cleveland Browns are thankful that he ran a 454. >> Absolutely. So um I'll make the easy pick here. Fernando Mendoza uh goes 101 to the Raiders. This is a superflex mock. We didn't mention this at the beginning. It's superflex half tight end premium. Um, but with Mendoza going to the Raiders, it's pretty cut and dry. I I'm gonna push back on some people who

I've seen argue Fernando Mendoza going as high as 101 overall or at least the 102 ahead of the wide receivers. There's probably no way that that happens in my mind just because Fernando Mendoza is not the quarterback archetype who will put up 800 900 rushing yards. If Fernando Mendoza was Jaden Daniels as a prospect, then yes, you could absolutely argue that he's the 101 in this class or at the very least him and Jeremiah Love are in a tier of their own at 101 and 102. But Fernando Mendoza being Jared Goff, Daniel Jones, you know, kind of athleticism caliber. Even if you think he's the next Joe Burrow, franchise caliber quarterback, you just can't take him really higher than 104 in my opinion because these wide receiver prospects are ironclad wide receiver one upside dudes. maybe even league winner upside depending on Mai Lemon's draft capital. In this case, he actually would be a league winner upside prospect. So, um, Fernando Mendoza to me in that Bo Knicks, Jordan Love range of dynasty

quarterback rankings, not much higher though, unless he proves himself to be like a burrow caliber NFL quarterback. >> Yeah. And the comp that I made in terms of what the mobility could look like. Um, I mean, I he reminded me a lot of a young Dak, the willingness at the goal line, diving when when all the stakes are on the line, like I I mentioned in our video recap when we did him, the similarity between his run against Miami when he scores that goal line touchdown versus that playoff game with Dak against the Seahawks in 2018. So, if you can get, you know, 300, 350 yards, you know, three to five touchdowns on the ground, that would definitely be a big time plus for Mendoza. But like you said, it's not like he's going to go out there and threaten 750 plus yards, 7 plus rushing touchdowns. That's not his game. But hey, guess what? If he could be a top 10 to 12 dynasty quarterback, giving you 4,500 plus passing yards, 30 plus passing touchdowns a year by year 2, year three, you're definitely going

to be, you know, oh this is a Joe Burrow caliber asset. This is a top five to eight level quarterback in dynasty. It's just can he really reach the top three without that rushing ceiling? That's where I kind of have to see it. >> Yeah. And there's a world in which, you know, he could be CJ Strad rookie season and climb all the way to a first round starter pick. And and that's why people would argue him as the 102. I just don't I don't see that as >> I love the I love the two receivers and running back. >> It's actually more about them than it is Mendoza to be honest because I think you can argue that yeah, he could absolutely get to that level, especially in Kubak's offense with Bowers with Genty. Like he's got some nice pieces around him. Um, but that being said, one quick reminder, too. I want to make reference to if you guys want to join our new listener league, we're going to be doing a Dynasty Startup Superflex draft in uh

early next week. And if you want to join that, you can head on down to the link in the pinned comment. Um, Flock Fantasy site subscribers who use code FSE will have up to five chances to get in that league. Free users, um, if you guys want to, you know, throw your hat in the ring, uh, do get a free ballot as well. I'm on the board here with the 105 now. >> I'm 105. Are you 105? >> Yeah, I picked Love and Tate, >> right? Yes, you were on the board of 105. >> Yeah. And I think this is the first decision point because technically speaking, uh, we're going a tier down in my rankings. And this is a twoman tier. The twoman being 14th overall pick to the Baltimore Ravens, Jordan Tyson. 30th overall pick to the Denver Broncos, Kenyan Sadique. Now, you guys can argue in the comments, oh, is Sadi really going to fall to 30 after that combine? I mean, a 43940 at 241 pounds. I would say it's probably more likely he's a top 10 pick than he falls to 30 at this

point. But given this mock draft, you can look at it like, oh, is it a negative that he fall to fell to 30? No, it's a positive, man. You go to the Denver Broncos with a clear top two level receiving role on the docket here. I understand. Oh, take the receiver. He has higher draft capital here. He's going to Lamar Jackson. Give me a Kenyan Sadi and a tight end premium, man. I think this is a match made in heaven with Denver. looking at the role that they envisioned for Evan Ingram, now you're just getting arguably the freakiest athlete at tight end we've ever seen. >> Not arguably, inarguably the freaky I >> Well, I mean, Vernon Vernon Davis is like up there, too. So, I want to give some credence there because he he ran like 438 at 254. But the point remains, man. 43 and a half inch ver 439 speed. Looks like literally Hercules out there, man. Like, you can't picture a better build for a move tight end. Like my cop was Delaney Walker and Delaney Walker at

his combine, I believe, was 61240 and ran a 447. So, he definitely lived up to that expectation. Let's just say that. >> Yeah. And I think there's some polish that needs to take place both from a route running standpoint and from a blocking standpoint. But Kenyan Sadique, people are going to do the whole like he can't block, he's going to be, you know, Isaiah likely or whatever. It's just first of all, the draft capital would indicate that that's unlikely because he's going to go in the first, you know, 20 picks of the draft or in this case I pick 30 in the draft. But also too, like receiving profile-wise, you you have a plan for this player if you draft him that high. So, you're probably not going to see the whole like he can't he's Don Concincaid, he can't get on the field. It's like Daltton Concaid A probably shouldn't have been a first round pick. He was more of like a second round tight end. B um Dawson Knox just happens to be

a really good blocker and so does Jackson Haw. So, that's just kind of a freak scenario. And even still, Dalton Concade was led all tight ends in yards per run last year. If he turns into Daltton Concade as his floor, that's not really the worst thing in the world. Although you would want him to be more, you know, Trey McBride or Brock Bowers or something. >> Well, Corey, what could you argue is arguably one of the biggest proponents to Harold Fannon having his rookie season? >> Just the fit that he went to like the the team, how they used him and you know, they didn't like he played in the slot. >> He didn't have a big slot. >> Yeah. 42% of the time is what he played in the slot. He was in line 41% of the time. And most tight ends in the NFL, by the way, including Trey McBride, who's the best tight end in the league, was in the slot like 70% of the time. They don't put blocking tight ends in line if they're not blocking tight ends. They

put their team's blocking tight end in line. Like the Bucks, for example, have Kottton who can do both, but Pay Durham and Koke Keef or whatever are the guys who are blocking tight ends on the team. >> Well, exactly right. Like Sadi is passible enough to play in in line, but then he also lands on the team who what the biggest threat for big slot touches right now is Pat Bryant maybe. >> Yeah. Like and who cares if he can't play in line? They'll make him a slot receiver. Like that draft capital indicates that you do whatever you can to make that player a success. And we actually don't want him in line. It's negatively correlated with fantasy production at the tight end position. The only tight ends in the NFL who are top 20 tight ends in PPR points per game last year as 50 plus percent inline dudes were George KD who's like the best tight end in the league, Tucker Craft, who's like a mini version of him, and AJ Barner, who was like barely a top 20

tight end. And you know, >> it's like the evolution thing. Barner to Craft to KD. It's like you got you got different stages of inline mer. >> Every other tight end, including like Tyler Warren, who was a better prospect as a blocker than Kenyan Sadique, was in the slot like 50% of the time. >> Well, exactly. And like we've like we were kind of alluding to, they don't have this type of profile. Imagine you took, you know, Marvin Mims, his utility, the speed that he brings to this offense, but you made him, you know, a tenth of a second faster and you added 55 pounds on him. >> Yeah. Well, and that was the like you remember I'm a big Josh DS guy. I should have known that that might have been a problem for Josh Downs last year that Tyler Warren was drafted. And that that's probably why he didn't end up having the season I thought he was going to. Anyways, let's move on to the next pick here. I'll go with Jordan Tyson. Um, who is my wide receiver three in the

class in this landing spot? I actually really like the fit. I think the Lamar has never had a receiver like this to be honest. >> Baitman replacement. >> Yeah, exactly. He's a much better version of Baitman. It's actually hilarious because my comp for him is Rashad Baitman. Um, not because I think he'll be as good as Rashad Baitman turned out to be, but because I view him very similar to the prospect that I viewed Rashad Baitman to be, because he was a first round receiver, a guy that was a top five receiver in his respective class coming out. >> Jordan Tyson has a little Jerry Judy to his game where he's a little bit flashier than the actual footwork would indicate, but he can beat press man coverage. Athleticism is very strong. Uh, strong production, deep separation ability. He has really good size. He came in a little bigger. um just as big really as Carnell Tate did. He's a little heavier than him anyways. Um but the yards after catch instincts, the

tracking, the injury history, some of the mental errors, that's why I'm a little lower on Tyson. We've talked about it on numerous occasions. Don't need to rehash it, but Jordan Tyson to the Ravens, I love the fit because him and Flowers can do very different things. >> Yeah. A little Matthew Goldeny from last year, except I would say this is just a much more ironclad profile like with Golden. >> Yeah. And more productive, bigger. >> Yeah. Well, that's what I mean, right? like like in terms of the aesthetic, the movement ability, the fluidity in their routes. Um he just plays with a level of flare. That was one of the first things I texted you when I watched Jordan Tyson. I'm like he looks like, you know, the diva wide receiver. The way he kind of moves, the way >> which you kind of want your receivers to be that way. Yeah. To give a better example, somebody who worked out, he's kind of like Lad Mcconkey also. Lakon's film was so strong because of the route

running and stuff. But yeah, Tyson very good fit to the Ravens. I think they're that's a slam dunk fit and I hope it actually happens because I will actually be a little higher on Tyson with that landing spot than I would have been otherwise. Um, you're on the board here with the 107. Again, >> I mentioned this mock is a good mock. Like if this turned out to be the real draft, which I doubt it will cuz you know, dynasty players can't have nice things. This would be a great spot for you guys to be holding the 107, 108, 109, 110 when everybody in their mother right now is telling you to sell that pick. >> Yeah. Um, I I would be between three wide receivers here. they would be my next three. On one hand, Casey Conpsion uh would be my highest ranked, but I would say he's probably got the worst of the three landing spots, and I mean that lightly because I actually do like the Jets landing spot, but when we talk about Boston going to the 49ers, probably being the Jawan Jennings

replacement there, Omar Cooper going to the LA Rams. I understand like initially Denzel Boston is probably going to have, you know, more of a claim to a role given that Adams and Puka are with the Rams, man. But I can't pass on Omar Cooper to the Rams. This is going to be my pick next at seventh overall. His skill set is exactly what this offense needs. You play with Devonte Adams and Puka for this year with Omar being your three. I'm sure by year two we're talking about Devonte Adams probably on the decline. Probably Omar Cooper taking over that number two role and then you get attachment to Shawn McVey in the long term. Man, he reminds me a lot of Pierre Garson. Just a big physical after the catch weapon that I do think has the upside to develop into one of the better route runners in the league. Yeah, my comp form is Luther Burden, which ironically would be a similar situation to what Burden dealt with as a rookie where he's like, he's got two receivers who are veterans ahead of him on the

depth chart. So, yeah, I think that would be a slam dunk fit. Omar Cooper, an absolute stud. A guy that now completely the market has caught up with. Danny and I were beating this drum in mid January before he even declared for the draft that he's a top five receiver in this class. And we're here, folks. We are here. He is consensus a firstround receiver by most NFL draft analysts. You can see some of the best landing spots there. San Fran, Washington, New Orleans, like any landing spot where he can be used in either a big slot Z kind of role like that. Um, but the Rams, I do think he's I I heard Daniel Jeremiah say this during the combine. He's like the Ramsiest receiver in the draft. So, this would be a hand and glove fit. I didn't actually list them as a fit because I I didn't think they would pick him, but at 29, I mean, that pick number is about where he should go. >> Yeah. I mean, like you could see a lot of Robert Woods here. like we saw what Robert Woods is being used at in the

prime with the LA Rams. Obviously, I'm still thinking back of like 2018 when it was Cup, Cooks, and Woods running that trio. Maybe you kind of, you know, bring that back a little bit with the three wide receivers they got on the roster. Obviously, stylistically different, but at the same time, we just remember how potent that 2018 Rams offense was. That that game against the Chiefs still rings in my head. >> Yeah. Oh, absolutely. That one that was a that was an exceptional game. So you mentioned Casey Conpsion going to the Jets at 16 and then Denzel Boston going to the 49ers at 27. The other receiver I have in this tier is Elijah Serat 47th overall to the Colts. Now in the write up he mentioned that Pitman would be gone in this scenario. So he would be playing the Pitman role which is very intriguing. I don't think I'm going to do it here because 47th overall capital seems a little light compared to the first >> with Boston and Conpsion's landing spot. >> Exactly. But I do actually believe that

Sirrod is a better prospect for fantasy than Boston is straight. with the draft capital difference and the landing spot difference, I will actually go with Denzel Boston here because like you said, probably an indic an an indication, sorry, that uh Jawan Jennings is gone and Denzel Boston gets to play the big ex wide receiver role. We already know Iayuk is going to be gone. Pier gets to play Z or slot, whatever they want to use him at. And Denzel Boston, we're a little bit lower on the overall upside of this player, but imagine dropping Michael Pitman at the best case scenario into the 49ers offense. That's kind of how we view Denzel Boston. And I think if right now today, Jennings was a free agent, Pitman got traded to the 49ers, we'd all have some interest in Michael Pitman Jr., we would think, oh, that's like a fourth or a fifth round reddraft pick or something. So, Denzel Boston in this landing spot, developmental kind of ex wide receiver. Just worried about the top end speed a little bit, especially

knowing he didn't uh run at the combine kind of indicative to us that he probably doesn't run the fastest 40. Yak production a little bit lacking. Some of the route refinement as I mean, he'll get a a clinic put on in the 49ers offense to develop as a player, which would be great for him. >> Yeah. And we had him as a developmental X. Realistically, if you need him to play in the big slot, I think he can do that as well. Um, he's just I I hate to say this about him, but he's a lot of like, you know, a jack of all trades, master of none, which was how I got to his grade, >> which is weird for a 6'4 receiver. Normally, you'd think high ceiling because of the size. >> Like obviously a lead at the catch point, but like in terms of his routes, he's a fine route runner, but we kind of mentioned a little clunkiness in and out of his breaks. He's a fine uh you know after the catch player, but he's not somebody that's gonna be dangerous after

the catch. So I do think like Jawan Jennings, oddly enough, like that would be a role that would fit his needs tremendously. And uh you actually mentioned that as one of your team fits for him on the card. >> Yeah. Yeah. Because Jaden Higgins was my comp for him officially who I thought was very similar prospect last year. So um you're on the board with the one nine. Um is this where >> Yeah, we go Casey here. >> Yeah. Um, and uh, yeah, with Casey Conpsion, uh, funny enough, as we're recording this, um, I do see that he addressed the combine because there was a lot of people that were being like really rude about his speech impediment and he, uh, put put a couple powerful words out there. So, shout out Casey Conpsion speaking up there because this guy has all the talent in the world, man. Emanuel Sanders, my comp, Chris Ave, your comp. And I do think in terms of his skill set, he is the ideal number two wide receiver to Garrett Wilson in my opinion. He injects some juice. He

injects some yakability and you have a guy that can play in the slot and threaten vertically. I'm very very excited to see how the Jets would be able to utilize him. We'll see what they do at quarterback. I'm not sure if in this mock they had a quarterback go there or maybe they're in the Malik Willis Kyler. >> They did not. Maybe they're the Kyler Murray team in this scenario. >> And I honestly Kyler Murray would be a match made in heaven for Casey Conpsion skill set. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's it's weird, dude. My my comps are lining up perfectly here. My comp is Chris Ave who once played with Garrett Wilson at Ohio State. So my comps are lining up perfectly in this mock draft. Uh shout out to Ryan Moran for reading my mind on a lot of these. But yeah, I think the 16th overall capital if it's Kyler Murray, if it's again, it's probably a veteran quarterback of some kind. I'm actually going to look at the mock if you said something in the description. But yeah,

definitely an intriguing landing spot for Casey. He he also like his biggest issue uh in college was kind of like drops, concentration stuff, and he looked really good in the drills at least. um making sure that emphasizing that Andy came in a little heavier um and he does mention here that they would address the the quarterback position in free agency. So it looks like there'd be a veteran quarterback in that scenario. Um moving in to the next pick here now we have one more first round player with um Tai Simpson going 21st overall to the Pittsburgh Steelers. I would imagine in that scenario uh that's one more year of Aaron Rogers and Ty Simpson takes over after that which I think would make sense. into the second round, you see Chris Purcell went to the Tennessee Titans at 35th overall. Zachariah Branch went to the Steelers uh to go along with Tai Simpson at 53rd overall. Ted Hurst, I love wouldn't put pick him this high, but I do like him. Um I'm assuming this was maybe

>> written before the David Montgomery trade because he does have Jadarian Price going to the Texans at 59th. Or maybe that's just a long-term play. Um I'm going to go with the player that I have ranked the highest. I know it's third round Capital, but it's the first pick of the third round. And uh I'm rolling with Jonah Coleman going to the Arizona Cardinals here at 65th overall. Maybe a little bit of a risk because I'm passing on a first round quarterback. I'm passing on some wide receivers in other positions that went in the second round. Jonah Coleman by far in my prospect model has the highest chance of success out of any of the players remaining on the board. The highest chance of producing a top 12 season at his respective uh position. And I think the Arizona Cardinals also would be a great fit for him because one, I think they're probably going to address the quarterback position via Malik Willis. I think they're going to be the Malik Willis team. And if you're going with a

very runheavy type of approach, you get a banger like Jonah Coleman in between the tackles who can catch the ball to the back field. That would be a great great fit. You can see like look at the comps, man. Like Cam Scataboo, Alvin Chimera, like we're we're talking about a legit prospect here who might slide due to testing or due to for whatever reason being overlooked. And I think that Jonah Coleman because of the contact balance, the instincts, the elusiveness, and all that stuff would be a potential top 15, 20 dynasty running back from day one. He's just a good football player. That's really what it comes down to. Like as long as you don't test 465 like Scataboo did, like I feel like teams are going to lock this guy into the third round. And as we kind of see here with the Arizona Cardinal, it's like, yeah, I want to believe in Trey Benson, but if they took Jonah Coleman at 65, this guy's going to be their main ball carrier, man. Because >> Benson's now a handcuff at this point.

He he had his opportunity to prove that he could stay healthy last year. James Connor goes down. That was Benson's opportunity. when you're not a day one or day two or a round two pick or whatever at the running back position, you only get your opportunity so many times. Like you can't they they don't trust Trey Benson right now. There's a very good chance they sign a running back in free agency as well. So Jonah Coleman um being the kind of Trey Benson upgrade I think makes sense there. You're on the board here. You going to roll with the first round quarterback? >> Actually, no. I'm I think I'm going to snipe you here. Um I do think Elijah SRK getting drafted to the Michael Pitman role is exactly what he needs and we'll see. Again, it's probably going to end up being Daniel Jones at the time of recording this. He did accept the transition tag, which we were talking about a little bit off camera realistically from a financial standpoint. Doing that with Daniel Jones

when you can get Kyler Murray for basically free on the market right now is just outrageous to me. But regardless though, I do think assuming Daniel Jones is fully healthy, like we saw Michael Pitman, the volume that he was commanded, he does have an out in his contract, 29 million on the books, but they can save 24 of that if they cut him before free agency. So, we'll see what ends up happening there. >> Or trade him to a Bills or, you know, one of those teams that could use a receiver. >> Yeah. And I and I do think if you're putting Elijah Serat in the Michael Pitman role, like, sure, you can have your question marks in terms of the separation ability on the outside, he's definitely not, you know, an elite separator, a fluid separator when facing, you know, press man coverage, when facing, you know, outside corners. But you kind of tweeted this. Didn't he have a over a four yards per run running from the slot? Because I think that's his ideal role. Move him to the big

power slot. let him play 50 to 75% of his snaps from the slot and let's see just how productive he could be. >> Yeah, I think the problem for Sroat here is that you already have a designated slot receiver in Josh DS and you have Tyler Warren who impacted Josh Downs in a big way. So I actually like now that I think about it, it's actually not as good of a landing spot as I would have thought for. >> But if they keep him at 47, they're definitely going to have a big plan to use him in that >> for sure. But they might be viewing him as an ex if they do that because they get rid of Pitman who did play mainly exceed them. But nonetheless, I love Elijah Sat. You can see I think the ceiling comp here is a guy like Chris Godwin. I think the suddenness, the downfield separation, the yak ability is not quite there, but the absolute dominance in the red zone, the slot production that he did have, the veteran mentality, the developed profile, the toughness, the grit, the strong hands.

Like I love I love Sro as a player. I do think he would maybe be better off in a different landing spot. Like the Falcons, for example, were the very next pick. I actually think that would have been a slightly better landing spot for him. Um, but regardless, I I I don't disagree with where you picked him. I'll I'll step on the sword here. I'll take the the first round quarterback with >> it was between them two. Full transparency. Um my next rated receiver is a tier after Sirat, but I do think like Tai Simpson at this point needs to be off the board because it's a first round quarterback going 21st to I would say probably an underrated landing spot at this point. Like I don't think people realize, yeah, sure, oh Mike McCarthy, he's boring. Like ideally, was that probably the right hire for Pittsburgh? Probably not. But for a young quarterback, you cannot complain with Mike McCarthy being his first head coach. >> Hell though. No, that's a great um a

great uh schemer to to drop everything for him. And Tai Simpson, like you can see, we have a lot of concerns with him. Like my comp for him was Matt Carral, which is not a great company. Your comp was Aiden Oonnell, but he has some redeeming qualities. He's a natural thrower. He's got a nice deep ball. He's got good mobility. He's a good athlete. Decent going through his progressions. Good throwing on the run. The problem is that his inaccuracies kind of showed up. His pocket presence. Yeah, exactly. Pocket presence specifically against pressure was an issue. He's only like 61, like 200 and something pounds, 211 pounds or so. He's not a huge guy. Um, but if you get to sit behind Aaron Rogers for a year, that would probably help you, especially in the accuracy department. I would say that would be the number one thing you could take away from a quarterback like Rogers. So, um, yeah, Simpson gets time to develop, gets time to marinate. I'm not excited about taking him, but I think this is where a

first round quarterback, give or take, should go. And I will say people are going to see 21st overall pick, first round quarterback, Pittsburgh, probably a guy that shouldn't win in the first round. They're going to get PDS pick when it comes to Kenny Pick and I understand that. And yeah, overall was Kenny Picket a first round pick in Dynasty rookie drafts like should he have been? No. But could you have sold Kenny Picket for about mid first round prices at one point? like in his rookie contract after his first year, after his second year, there was a bunch of people taking this guy in the fifth round of startups at one point. >> Yeah. Well, he was the 107, I think, off the board. Like people took him over Chris Ave and Jameson Williams and some of those guys. Like that's that's where you're at with the because like we don't know if the quarterback's going to work out. Like we we're low on Tai Simpson, but we could easily be wrong about him. >> Tyler Shuck.

>> Yeah, exactly. What if he's Tyler Shuck or what if he's like after a year of marinating under Aaron Rogers, what if he's Brock Pury? Like I think that's what his ultimate ceiling is probably. >> But uh we'll see what happens. Let's move on to the 2011 here. You mentioned receiver. Um we have we did have five running backs go in this draft as well in a class that's very light on the running back position. What are you thinking? >> Yeah. Um so the landing spot's not great with Jadarian Price with Montgomery there. However, I believe Montgomery only has one year on his contract and it is a 29year-old running back. I'm sure that they're probably not going to sign him to a massive extension. They probably just needed a body to handle touches this year knowing that the only other running back on the roster was Moody Marks. And I do really like the Jarian Price film. It's just I'm caught between Jarian Price who is technically

my highest graded player and just the match made in heaven that is Ted Hurst of the Buffalo Bills. Like that's what I'm really eyeing right now between those two. H man, I thought I would have my mind made up right now. I'm still juggling between them. You're gonna go Ted Hurst this high over Brcell at receiver, over Bernard, over Branch. >> I have him graded amongst those guys. >> Yeah, I'm bringing it up because Ted Hurst was not in the first edition of our draft guide. So, yeah, you'll see in the second edition of our draft guide, but after his combine testing and after the film that we both watch of him, we're both quite high on the player Ted Hurst. So, just to keep in mind that if you do go with Hurst here, this is a guy that will be a featured player in the second edition of the draft guide, which is coming out in mid-March. Yeah. And um it's a mock draft. We're having fun. And I want to talk about this landing spot here. Let's get George

Pickkins of Division 2 to the Buffalo Bills. This guy has a lot of development to go. Obviously is Raw at this point, but you land him with Josh Allen in the long term, man. He's got the skill set to be the next George Pickkins. He's got the speed. He's got the fluidity. He's got the frame. The like the one thing that I really expect is like, okay, this is just going to be a big time athlete. like this isn't going to be, you know, a refined player, but yeah, it's against division 2 competition, but I was really impressed with his ability to break off his routes. >> Yeah. No, me too. I I like So, your grades aren't in here. I'll just quickly flash this, but I going through his like player card. I think he has a high ceiling. He's got really great downfield traits, size, yards after catch, contested catches were great. His release package needs to develop. He needs to develop in general. He adds some focus drops, and I could I could see him adding about 10 pounds of

functional muscle to his frame as well. But for the most part, like I think on the high end, you could see I have three Colorado statewide receivers in a row there as the floor median and ceiling. Rashard Higgins, Tory Horton, and Michael Gallop. I think that's kind of like the range that we're talking. >> I love that Gallop. >> Yeah, like an ex-wide receiver for the Cowboys. Let's just put it that you said Pikton's Gallop. Like ex wide receiver for the Cowboys is what the uh the ceiling case looks like for >> It's a fun player, dude. Like seriously, if he goes in the top 60, especially to a spot like Buffalo, like yeah, you can argue, well, they didn't develop Keon Coleman, but this guy is not Keon Coleman. He's not a four wide receiver that can't separate. Exactly. Like, you get this guy with Josh like Josh Allen resurrected Brandon Cooks at times this year. You don't think he can work with a 441 64 205 pounder? >> Yeah. No, I think he absolutely could.

Okay, let's speed this up a little bit because we are we don't want to go too long here. I'm assuming Jarian. >> Uh, so Eli Stowers's top 50 to the Vikings is also fun. >> Um, Chris Purcell to the Titans at 35 is fun. That's really high capital for a team that does need some some threelevel kind of playmakers because they're their only receivers right now are more like short and intermediate targets. I'll Chris Purcell. Let's let's go with Chris Purcell here. I do I love the price landing spot. I'm I'm just assuming that Montgomery would be the dude for the first year of that and maybe you get a little bit of a discount on price. But I'll roll with Chris Purcell, man. I'm starting to get a little more intrigued by his profile because even though he went to Tennessee, which is notoriously not a very good wide receiver, type of team producing guys. I like what I saw from Chris Purcell's film for the most part. Does he have warts? Does he have

some things to work on? Yes. But he's big. He's fast as hell. He ran a 437. >> Yeah, >> he has a nice frame. I liked his ability to kind of like sync his routes and he had urgent breaks through his route running as well. Just the catch point stuff, the middling analytics and the yards after catch stuff that I had the major problems with, but Chris Purcell, if he's Christian Watson on the Tennessee Titans, that would be kind of interesting to me. So, I'll roll with him at 202. What are you thinking uh up next here? >> Yeah, I like that pick. Now, I'm going to bite the bullet though on Jadarian Price. Uh I understand short term. Okay. Well, Woody Mark's going to play, you know, the third down role. Dave Montgomery is going to handle consequential touches between the tackles. This is just a bet on talent, man. I think >> capital, too. Top top 60 capital for a runner. >> Top 60 capital. And I think when it's all said and done, this is going to be

the Texans running back of the future. And I do think in terms of the how smooth he is as a runner, his instincts being able to find the gaps, the cutbacks, his ability in space. Like I understand the 40 yard dash is not what people expected. People probably thought, okay, maybe, you know, a 442, 443 ends up running, I believe, 449 official, but the game speed is just so much faster than that. >> Yeah. No, for sure. I think that makes a lot of sense. Um, I'm going to roll with Eli Sters here because, you know, one of the freakiest tight ends at the combine got overshadowed a little bit by what uh Kenyon Sadi ended up going and doing, but Eli Sters set the record all time for birth score. His jumps were absolutely off the charts. 451 at 239 pounds, which is actually a little bigger than I thought he was going to come in at. I thought we were looking at a 232 pound tight end or something like that. So, his, you know, his floor is scary. like he has like a Harrison Bryant type of floor, but his ceiling

being like, you know, an Aronda Gadson or somebody of that ilk to me gets me really excited given that his profile is actually much better than a Ronda Gadson's from like a he was the number one guy has a good route running skill set, versatile, athleticism, yards after catch, all that stuff. So, Eli Stoers Sourers, I don't know how to say his name. He's the guy that I roll with. Again, halftight end premium in this version, too. So, uh that's why I went with him there. What are you thinking here at 205? Yeah, good pick there. Um, I'm now back on the clock. Uh, there's a couple interesting options. The one that is really speaking out to me though is Chris Bell going to the Giants here. I was a little bit lower on his film than the 37th overall pick considering the ACL tear. But when it's all said and done, having the opportunity to be the number two on this offense, big body, you know, he's going to get the AJ Brown comps. I understand a guy compared to

Xavier Legette, but that natural explosive playmaker to play next to Malik Neighbors. Let's go have some fun. Let's go create fireworks on offense. I totally understand it from the Giants perspective and I do think there's the opportunity for him to be, like I said, the clear number two behind Malik. >> I don't love two their top two receivers on Metife turf both coming off of >> That's not ideal. I love that. But I do I do think that Chris Bell is interesting once he's back on the field. It's just >> I'm going to down tick him in rookie drafts because like you said, >> how quickly is this guy back on the field as a rookie? Is he a guy that's out there right away, ready to go for week one, or is he missing all of training camp, missing half of his rookie season, and we're wondering midway through his rookie year if he's going to have a chance to hit at the next level? But you love the press coverage, you love the toughness, the

rocked up frame at 6'2, 220 lbs. Um, again, he has a lot of great redeeming qualities that in >> moments remind you of the Deboss of the AJ Browns of the world, but for the most part, his profile, the lack of nuance, the dynamic footwork, the kind of like side to side athleticism, >> he's not the fluid athlete that Debo was. I understand >> people underestimate how fluid Debo and AJ Brown and even like Chris Godwin, bigger kind of bully style receivers are. And again, knowing that he already didn't have the greatest dynamic footwork, knowing he's coming off a major knee injury hurts his profile a little bit as well, but I do think he belongs to go around this range of the draft. I'm on the board here. I could go Zachariah Branch goes to the Steelers at 53rd. Perfect compliment, I think, to to DK Mechaf. Very different type of wide receiver. Antonio Williams to the Patriots at 63 is a really nice landing spot for him. Also really like the landing spot of my next highest graded

wide receiver in terms of who I have the highest rated which is Jacobe Lane going to the Jacksonville Jaguars. Really >> getting traded in that line. >> I again he didn't write that. I would assume so based on based on the fit that Jacobe Lane would play in the offense and also um the fact that they don't need a receiver unless they trade BTJ. So I'm going to bypass Jacobe Lane even though he is my next highest rated receiver because of the third round capital and the the ambiguity there. I'll go with Zachariah Branch. I really like that landing spot with uh with DK DK Mechaf is the perfect complement to Zachariah Branch because Branch >> creates so much under underneath space. >> Exactly. Yeah. DK is going to open up the middle of the field for Zachariah Branch. And I do think there is a world where Curtis Samuel Z Flowers is within the range of outcomes for Branch. He's just small. He's 5 foot8 and some change, 177 pounds. You'd hope that that

jitterbug ability, the five-star profile, the short to medium route running upside that he has can make him a 100 plus target receiver, but the body catches, the undersized nature that he has, the lack of deep production. Most of his targets were on screens, for example, at Georgia this year. He's very scheme dependent and he does need a complimentary receiver like a metaf to be able to be um at his best. So, Zachariah Branch, one of the best landing spots he can go to though, to be perfectly clear, just because of what metaf is. >> Yeah. No, I think that's a very good spot for Zachariah Branch. Like you said, 53rd to the Pittsburgh Steelers and this mock pairing up with their first round 21st pick which was Tai Simpson. I'm back on the clock here and um a guy that I'm really happy was able to follow. There's a there's a couple interesting running back profiles in the third round, but I'll let you fall in the sword of maybe the uh anti-FSSE guy here because I'm going to be taking Kron

Allen if there's going to be a situation like oh yeah, last year for example, Tyrone Tracy electric, you know, in space type of running back had some glaring issues which is why the Giants wanted to add a more physical um how do I put it? Down to earth is not the way to put it. downhill is the >> downhill gritty like toughness. You want to add that element to your offense like the Giants did with Scataboo to Tracy last year. I think Denver would do exactly that. Adding adding a guy like Kron Allen to pair with RJ Harvey. Harvey can handle the third down stuff. Harvey can handle, you know, the in space stuff, but Kron Allen good pass blocker. Kron Allen physical between the tackles. Kron Allen proven pedigree scoring on the goal line. He is exactly what they need as a compliment for this one-two punch. And it's already been on record that Denver is looking for that archetype of running back. >> He's also not that dissimilar to JK Dobbins. Like not pre- Achilles and ACL

tear athleticism JK Dobbins, but current day JK Dobbins probably about the same level. >> Yeah, like I comped him to Jordan Howard. I think that you put a prime Jordan Howard on that Broncos team. They would probably give him 300 carries a season or whatever. So yeah, I like that. I actually maybe even should have went with him over Branch and maybe even Sour to be honest. So Jeremy Bernard 48th to the Falcons. He's the last remaining top 50 pick. Uh, Antonio Williams, I believe, other than Jacobe Lane would be one of my higher rated wide receivers. I think I gotta take Lane here because he is my highest rated player. So, yep, I'll roll with Jacobe Lane going to the Jags. Again, in this scenario, I would assume that Brian Thomas Jr. was traded because that is the role that Jacobe Lane would play. He'd be the ex- receiver. Parker Washington, Travis Hunter, and Jacobe Myers would mix in around that. So, I would go with Jacobe Lane here. Come year two of his NFL career, Parker

Washington's a free agent. Maybe it's just him and Travis Hunter and a 31-year-old Jacobe Myers. I love Jacobe Lane, man. He's a guy that I think gained a lot of value after the combine. He looked more fluid than people thought. He was faster than people thought. 447 speed, which is something I did have a little bit of a worry for him. Um, size, length, physicality. He's a red zone threat. He led uh the whole USC Trojans team that had Zachariah Branch, Mai Lemon, and Duce Robinson on it in touchdowns as a true sophomore at 20 years old. So, I think Jacobe Lane is one of the more underrated prospects in this class. don't love this landing spot, but I still gotta pounce on the player that I think is really good. >> Yeah. No, I think that's a perfectly reasonable pick. Um, I'm next though, and uh, you could be talking about Emtt Johnson. People are going to be higher on EMTT Johnson than we are. Uh, we just don't like the after the contact profile. And for a scapback, that's

going to contribute on three down on third down. Running a 457 was definitely um, let's just say a negative in his category for the NFL combine. I'm going to leave Max Clear though. So I'm assuming in this scenario Kon probably is going to leave in free agency. >> He's going to I don't think we're gonna resign him. >> And Max Claire man like I said this to you Corey but I'm like on the spectrum of well is this Ben Sinnate or is this Sam Leaporta because I think Max Claire the profile that he has is probably going to be somewhere between that. Very very good athlete, good yards after catch ability has the ability to line up in line in my opinion at the next level. And I do think like although he was the number three on Ohio State, his yards per out run went down, his A dot went down. We saw what it looked like when he was the primary target at Purdue and I do think his Ohio State film was very underrated. Man, this is a guy that, spoiler alert, ranked as my uh tight end

two in the class. I did have a higher grade on Max Clair than I did on Eli Stoers. >> Yeah, I don't agree with that. Um, but I do think that Maxclair is definitely an underrated prospect period in this class. Nobody's really talking about the mid to late second round prospects being any good in this class, especially when you factor in that some of the best prospects in that area might be tight ends. Max Claire, Justin Jolie, like some of those guys. It's possible work into that range, especially in tight end premium. I am going to go with um one of these receivers. Is it Bernard? Is it Williams? I'm going to go Antonio Williams. I love the fit with Drake May. Um if you recall, who is Drake May's best receiver in college? Josh Downs. Antonio Williams, while I think he should be a slot receiver in the NFL, doesn't have to be. He's not that small, man. 6 foot, 511 and a half, 187 pounds, he's like the same size as Garrett Wilson and Lad McConi. Like, he's not

actually that small. And ironically, his best season was 2024 when he played the least amount in the slot. So, um, as a 58% slot receiver that year. So, Antonio Williams, I love the shiftiness. I like the physicality for his size. good athlete, ran a 441, solid hands, good zone coverage beater as well, even though he's a little undersized. Had some hamstring issues. People think he's a slot wide receiver. Like, look at my weaknesses there. Undersized, which he's not really. Hamstring issues, which is not something anything to do with his football play. Slot wide receiver projection is just what people think of him. And then, yes, the decline in production in 2025, but a lot of that was because of said hamstring issues. So, it this is a guy that I don't think actually has a ton of weaknesses and would also be a perfect compliment to like Stefon Diggs and some of the other players that they have there. >> Yeah, it's crazy how much better his 2024 was than 2025. Like I watched his

2025 first and I'm I had messaged you. I'm like, I don't even think this guy's a day two player. And then you're like, just watch 2024 and then get back to me. And >> Georgia receiver in the country. >> Yeah, that game against Georgia really spoke out, man. Clemson as a whole in 2025 fell off a cliff. We could talk about all their defensive players losing stock. Peter Woods was a guy projected as a top five pick. Now is pe people are questioning if he's even going to be a top 25 pick. Like Kade Clubnick was potentially quarterback one coming into the year. Now is this guy underassman receivers were thought of way higher too. >> Yeah. Like there there was just a lot going on with Clemson that maybe you can point to the fact that he was banged up and there could have been a cultural issue. But regardless, man, I do think he would be a seamless fit with New England because like you said, they need that type of layup target in this offense. >> Yeah, for sure. So, you're on the board

here. Uh what are you thinking? >> Yeah. Um couple really interesting options. I could go with uh the second round receiver here with Jeremy Bernard. Uh haven't gotten to Brennan Thompson yet, so you you can have more of a say on uh your thoughts on his film, but to me 64, I'm assuming that would be like a Rasheed Shahed replacement, which exactly how valuable would that be for fantasy? um could go with Emma Johnson. They obviously let Aaron Jones walk. You do need a natural passcatching compliment to Jordan Mason. And I do think at the end of the second round, that's where I'm going to lean. Um Bernard would be in consideration, but at the same time, iffy quarterback situation, Drake London, Bejan Robinson, Kyle Pitts potentially to siphon touches. So, I will go with EMTT Johnson, you know, hoping that he could be the pass catcher in a two-man committee. >> Grew up a Vikings fan by the way as well. He was from Minnesota. So, uh definitely would be a nice landing spot

for him from a personal standpoint. And like you said, Aaron Jones likely to get released and Jordan Mason more of an inside the tackles kind of guy. Uh I will take Jeremy Bernard with the last pick. The only other guy I would really consider are Skyler Bell for the Eagles. We don't know what's going to happen with AJ Brown, but I like Skyler Bell's tape. And then Malachi Fields for the Raiders. I'm not super high on Malachi Fields, but this is willing to take him. We're talking about >> Malachi Fields at points being a first round receiver. That's when we were way out on him. But now that he would be like more of a two-3 turn pick in rookie drafts, I'd be a lot more in at that price tag. >> Trig would be interesting too. I haven't gotten to his tape yet, but there is rumblings that Dallas Goddard will be gone from Philadelphia. Like he's like almost like a foregone conclusion. So that would be a consideration, but >> um yeah. Um whether I do think Bernard's

a good fit here. Uh we kind of, you know, overplayed the hand like he's just a solid gritty fundamental receiver, but Combine kind of showed maybe he had a little more juice than we expected. Yeah, I might have to change my comp from Jaylen Pulk to be honest. Not that Jaylen Pulk was a bad prospect. He's been obviously bad in the NFL. I just think that Pulk didn't quite have the level of speed that Jeremy Bernard threw out there. Like good speed score, good 40 time, also pretty decent agility as well. The one thing that I I I think makes sense is that he had a 30th percentile burst score and you could kind of see like the lack of dynamic athleticism with Bernard a little bit. So I I do like him and I think he would be actually a really good compliment to Drake London, but I don't think he's like an exceptional prospect by any means. I think he'd be more of like if he hits he's wide 35 to 45 in dynasty for the length of his rookie contract kind of thing. >> Very Romeo Dobsy. Funny enough, you saw

on the player card like one of my fits was Atlanta because I do think they need this type of style of wide receiver. for a guy that maybe isn't going to command a ton of targets because obviously you have Pitts, you have Bejon, you have Drake London, but a guy that if you throw out there in space, you know, he's going to make the right decision with the ball in his hands. >> Dirty work target for sure. Um, but anyways, that's a two- round mock from us. Again, this was Pro Football Network's uh Ryan Moran. So, shout out to him. Link uh to the full mock if you guys want to check it out is in the description of this video. And again, if you want the second edition of our rookie draft guide, that'll be coming out today or tomorrow as you guys are watching this. And that'll have all the combine updates. We will not be updating the videos yet because a lot of prospects didn't test. We got to wait for pro days on a lot of them. So, we're figuring the April 1st update of the

draft guide is when we'll do some combine video updates in terms of how these guys tested. Nobody's drafting this time of year anyways. I'm sure you guys would rather wait till those athletic profiles are complete. Um, but we're going to add 15 more prospects to the PDF version on March 15th. Make sure you stay tuned for that. Flockfasantasy.com promo code FSE to get the draft guide now. 25 700 plus minute film breakdowns of the top 25 prospects, all the updates, all the rankings that you guys will need. And again, brand new listener league starting this weekend or early next week. If you guys want to join that, head on over to the link in the description, join their listener league, like the video, subscribe, all that good stuff. Peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
