The 2026 NFL draft is tomorrow, fellas. It is Dynasty Christmas Eve and uh we're going to celebrate by doing a final NFL mock draft. We're going to do this from like a predictive frame of mind, try and predict as many picks as we possibly can. Um I'm also going to submit this draft, Danny, that we do into the underdog contest where you get points for getting correct picks and and you guys can see the rules on the screen there. You actually also get um $100 in bonus funds if you do end up finishing top five in the leaderboard. Of course, if you guys are new to underdog, you can sign up using promo code FSE, as you know. That'll be across the bottom of the screen there. Um, Danny, you are going to take odds. We usually go I go odds because the Bucks pick odd and you go evens because the Cowboys pick even, but we're trying to do this as predictive as possible. So, we're trying to remove some bias here and go with what we think will actually happen. So, um, I'm assuming you're going to go for

Nana Mendoza. >> Yeah, Mendoza, no-brainer. I mean, his odds of going number one, we're literally like minus 100,000. Uh the Raiders have already basically confirmed he's going to go at that spot. Uh Tom Brady and Clint Kubak basically hinted at it and they need a a franchise quarterback. That's why you let go Smith go this off season. >> Yeah. If you guys want the freest $5 you're ever going to get. Um go bet $1,000 on Fernando Mendoza to go uh number one overall and you'll make five bucks of great profit there. >> It's how the rich get richer. You just get a guy worth a billion dollars. He puts half his net worth on Mendoza going number one. That's like free change, you know. Yeah, I know. Exactly. So, um I'm on the board with the New York Jets. Now, as of the time that we're currently recording this, the most recent buzz is David Bailey. Right now, he's a minus 145 to go to the New York Jets, but it's been really flip-flopping all week, even

going back to last week between him and Arll Reese from Ohio State. I tend to think, and what I've heard from like Muji, the Jets GM, and stuff, I think they're going to be more of like, let's hit doubles this this draft because we're the Jets. We're a joke. we need to just get on base with our picks, not swing for the fences. Arbell Reese is the type of prospect that could bust if you're the type of team like the Jets who doesn't develop him properly and that kind of thing. David Bailey a lot more proven producer at the edge position. Run defense is a bit of an issue from what I understand. He's probably more of a designated pass rusher early in his career. But if you can develop him into a great player, I do think he will be he will end up being the pick and I actually have some coin on him going number two overall. So, I'm going to roll with with David Bailey to the Jets there. Yeah, I guess from my personal perspective, the fit for me would be Arval Ree more considering the

fact that you do have a similar stylistic player with David Bailey to a guy like Will McDonald who you picked a couple years ago. But knowing the Jets, like it does seem like they are leaning Bailey at this point, especially given the fact that, and I'm going to tie it to different rumors. We've kind of heard the rumors of the Cowboys trying to trade up number three, number four, number five. Everybody's been speculating, is it Caleb DS? Is it Sunonny Styles? Is it some of these players? I think the guy that's number one on their board is Arl Ree. And the fact that that chatter is happening probably points to the fact that maybe the Jets would pass on him on draft day. >> Yeah. And I think you only hear chatter like that, like you said, when teams are confident with certain directions that other teams are going. So it maybe that chatter is because whatever player the Cowboys have top two to three on their board is the one that's going to be following. Uh what are you going to do

with the Arizona Cardinals here right now? also pretty pretty heavily favored three players. It's either David Bailey if he falls, Arll Reese who fell here, or Jeremiah Love based on the odds right now. Like nobody is inside of plus 200 except for those three players. So people feel pretty confident that either the Cardinals are going to stick and pick a player like that or maybe somebody would move up for either Jeremiah Love or Arl Reese in this scenario. >> So like I mentioned, if the Cowboys were to trade up, three, four or five for Ree would be what I think. I'm not gonna project that here. I'm just gonna go with Aral Ree going number three overall because ultimately if they're the Cardinal I was like I don't think the Cowboys would be willing to overpay to go make that type of move. Like I know people say they give up 12 and 20 straight up for the pick. It's like well no cuz because people think oh well Jerry made that big move for Micah. They view the they should view it the

other way with Jerry. He got those picks from trading Micah. trading them up without any type of real purpose or pick coming back. He's gonna view as the mark of viewing he got rinsed. And I don't >> he people think he's very splash trades up in the draft all the time. He really like I heard I think it was Shreger talked about he hasn't really traded up more than five picks in the draft since like 2014. Like he's not like the type of guy who's going to sell future ones to go up in the draft or you know trade multiple ones or multiple three four picks to go up significantly in the draft. It's been rumored that he wanted to do that with other players, but I I personally >> I if I was making this pick, I would not pick Arvel Reese. I think they will take Jeremiah Love personally. The reason I would not take Aral Ree is because we've heard a lot of smoke about them being scared of the Isaiah Simmons experience with a tweener hybrid type of player.

>> Do you do we And you said the third option was uh Bailey. Obviously, he's gone. >> It's Yeah, Bailey, Reese, and Love are all plus 190 or better odds to be this selection. Hm. >> Do we want to mix up with a trade then? >> We could. I mean, I think that this will I'm not going to do it with the Cowboys. As I control the Cowboys, I'm not going to do it. I think the other be interested. >> Yeah, the Commanders, the Saints, or the Chiefs, I think could be interested in trading up for Arll Ree. >> Um, let's get to the Chiefs here. I actually want to make a package here from the Chiefs. Then I said all that with the Cowboys, but realistically, the Chiefs are at nine, and I think they might even be willing to give up more than the Cowboys would. Well, and here's why this makes sense for the Cardinals, too, is pick 29, if it's part of the deal, would put them in perfect range to be able to take Tai Simpson, who the Cardinals are heavily linked to, and you

get that fifth year option. They don't have to trade back into the first round. Like, I think the trade fundamentals would be 34 29 as the swap, three, and whatever. And then maybe the Chiefs have to give up um something in the future or something. Or maybe 34 is not a part of it at all. >> Two ones for one and a three maybe too. Like, I think that could make sense if they get got back the three. I'll let you pick the trade package. Like if you want to pick something different, I just think the Cardinals would really push for 29 knowing that they're in on Tai Simpson. >> No, no, I'm saying like maybe the Chiefs would do nine and 29. The Cardinals would give their one and their three. >> Sure. >> I could see that being the case about equal value. Um yeah, because I I do think if it became to a bidding war, I think the Chiefs would be willing to out the Cowboys. So, uh I I like that move. >> Well, yeah. Not only that, but the Cardinals don't have to slide down as

much. And they also probably get a bet like 29 is a better range to take Tai Simpson as opposed to pick 20, I think, as well. So, that would make some sense. Again, maybe the Chiefs would do just like the 34 for 29 and the 9 for three, but then the Chiefs throw in like their 272 or something to balance that out. I think that could be a possibility, but yeah, I think the three ultimately probably makes more sense trade value chart. And you do think this is for Maurice, I'm assuming? >> Oh, Spags is going to have a field day with that type of athlete. >> Yeah. No, that would be that'd be a really really fun trade I think for the for the Kansas City Chiefs. Number four pick right now is um overwhelmingly the favorite to be Jeremiah Love at minus 105. Sunonny Styles is the next closest at plus 250, I think, >> which is interesting because of obviously Salah's overlap with Fred Warner, >> of course. Yeah, I I do think that ultimately they're going to they're

going to look at their offense being the bigger issue at this point in time and they're going to want the best offensive player on their board and I don't think they're going to have, you know, Carnell Tate ranked over Jeremiah Love or something like that. So, yeah, I'm going to go with Jeremiah Love to the Tennessee Titans. I think that of all the picks in the entire first round, that's the one I feel the most confident is if Jeremiah's on the board for the Titans are taking them. >> And I think the Giants have five would come between three players. The three players we've been rumored most in this cycle so far are the two Ohio State defenders and Jordan Tyson. I think you make the move at 10 thinking you could potentially get Tyson there because I ultimately do think the Ohio State defenders are going to be the top two options on their board here. Obviously, if Jeremiah Love was available, he'd probably be in that discussion as well. Sunonny Styles probably needs to be a

Giant, honestly. Like you look at the size, you look at the athleticism, you look at the makeup of those Ravens defenses with Harbaugh at the helm. Obviously, you know, he wasn't calling the defense, but basically the identity of that franchise, toughness, physicality, size. I think Sunonny Styles would be the step in the right direction for that Giants defense. >> I Yeah, I don't disagree with you. I I the one rumor because you hear a lot of [ __ ] this this week. You're hearing this team likes this player, this team doesn't like that player. The one rumor I don't believe for one second is that the Giants don't like Sunonny Styles. Cuz we've heard that come out. I think McShane has talked about that where it's like I've heard they're not in on Sunny Styles. Like that to me screams Titans, please don't take Sunny Styles. Like that's why they're floating that rumor out there. Um but yeah, like you said, I think Tyson is very much in play at

number five. I actually put some coin down on him to be the fifth overall pick at the draft. But I do think if the Chiefs trade up for Ree, then the Giants would feel more confident that they would get Tyson at 10 because that's one less team that could take Tyson. However, I do think that the Commanders and Saints are both threats to take Jordan Tyson and the Browns even potentially too at number six. um to take Jordan Tyson. So, it's possible that the Giants would go, "Hey, we feel confident that Caleb DS is going to be there at 10. We're going to take Jordan Tyson now because we expect a couple of receivers or maybe at least one receiver to go off the board between picks six and nine um at that point in time. So, again, it would not shock me at all if Jordan Tyson is the fifth pick in the draft, knowing that they think they can feel good about Caleb DS or whatever being there at number 10. I'm on the board with the Cleveland Browns." >> Oh, yeah. We've heard basically two very

constant drum beats. Whether it's a receiver or an offensive tackle, they're going to probably leave the first round with those two positions. The question is who's higher on their board between Spencer Fono. Um sneaky sneaky pick here. >> Could be like does does Proctctor get pulled up the board here all the way to six? I think it's sneaky. Um >> so funny you mentioned that because I was looking at you know the this or that kind of bets where you bet player versus player. Um, so I've seen like media buzz with Monroe Freeling and validly so. I think like he deserves it. You know, the size, the ability to play on the outside, like there's a lot of tweeners in this class, but it was tackle versus some of the other guys are more right tackle projections. >> But the this or that was between him and Proctor and it was minus 210 that Proctor would go off the board first. >> Yeah. I like so right now the odds are are plus 300 Carnell Tate Fono plus 300

but this is the pick that it appears like people don't really know what to expect >> and I do think Cleveland is also in you know definite chance of trading down with Dallas or with some of these other teams. Maybe it's Caleb DS that the Cowboys are after and um do I want to do it? I think because >> I think the Cowboys would need a couple picks. >> They might, but I think Dellay and DS could be some of the players that they're after just because they just hired a defensive backs guy as the defensive coordinator. And it wouldn't shock me if they went in, they're like, "We need a corner so bad. We need um a safety so bad." And the other report that we've heard quite a bit as well and why the number six pick probably doesn't have a ton of consensus is that Cleveland is looking to get out of this pick. They do need a lot um of players on their roster. So, I am actually going to do the Dallas Cowboys trade here because I think that this is the most

logical stand. Uh this is the most logical spot where the the phones will be ringing for Dallas and for some of these other guys here. So, how do I select the team here? Where >> you just click the Cowboys. >> Oh, there we go. Okay. I couldn't find them. Um >> the rumors been six and 39 for 12 and 20 for what feels like three weeks. >> Yeah. So, let's roll with that. I think I think that's what we're going to do here. and the Dallas Cowboys are gonna come up and >> it would probably be DS if they made the aggressive move. >> Yeah, I think it probably would be as well. However, >> Caleb DS is actually minus money to slip outside the top 10. And I I don't know why. This is just a gut feeling. I can't I think it's going to be Delane. I think it's going to be man that they come up for because if you look at the teams picking after six, um the Commanders could very easily take Delane. The Saints definitely could use some some

help in the secondary. And I think if the Chiefs were still at nine, they would also be in on Delane as well. >> So, um I believe it's either our defensive backs coach or at least a member of their defensive coaching staff, but they actually had worked with Delane at Virginia Tech. Uh so before he obviously transferred to LSU, had this big gear, had worked with him earlier in his collegiate uh collegiate career, sorry. So >> yeah. So I'm transfer to Lane. I think the Browns are eyeing offensive tackle with their first pick if I had to guess. Otherwise, it would just be Carnell Tate really heavily favored at this point. So, I think that the Browns are thinking we go OT first, maybe we can trade down, and then we go wide receiver at 20/24. They now have three picks in the first round after this trade. >> So, funny enough, um everything in life just kind of, you know, finds a way of repeating itself. Hopefully, it ends up working better for the Cowboys, but the last time we traded up from number 12 to

number six for an LSU quarterback was back in 2012, Corey. >> Yeah. And that was uh not who was >> Morris Clayborn. >> Morris Clayborn, right? Yeah, it was Claybornne. >> Morris Clayborn sounds like Mansour. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. >> Clay Claybourne's ability was never the reason why he didn't work out. He just couldn't really adapt to NFL speeds like mentally. >> Yeah. Um so you're on the board with the Commanders. Uh one sneaky thing I just want to shout out Mai Lemons plus 3100 to go seventh overall. And not necessarily because I think the Commanders would take him, although I do think he fits their offense very well. I've heard buzz that the the Rams are looking to trade up for somebody and just from a stylistic fit Lemon is their best receiving uh skill set. It wouldn't shock me if the Commanders traded down with the Rams and the Rams came up for Mai Lemon. I'm not saying it's actually going to happen, it's literally plus

3100 odds for him to be the seventh overall pick. I just think if it happens, I want you guys to remember that I said this. I just wanted to get that take out there. >> I think it would be the inverse. I think that the Rams would trade up with the Commanders to get Tyson because the Saints have been rumored for Tyson and then maybe Lemon would fall to 13 to the Commanders. So, if the Commanders pulled off basically lemon plus for Tyson in this scenario, holy crap, they'd be one of the biggest winners of round one. >> And to be honest, like >> after the pro day, that's when we start hearing the buzz. It could be fabricated because it's a few days before the draft. Could they just take Tyson as well? >> They could just take Tyson as well. Um, do we want the Rams coming up here is what I'm asking myself. >> I mean, I think it's definitely in play to do it because of the window that they've, you know, created for themselves and we have heard plenty of

rumors that they are in on this wide receiver class and maybe even Kenyan Sadique as well. >> Yeah, screw it. Well, let's see uh how close the Rams one and two gets them to seventh overall here. That probably be about the trade package or >> we're looking at the difference between 13th overall and then what is this 61? Pick 61. They also I mean they could go for a future second as well or something like that. You think we want to go a four or five back or something like that just to balance it out. >> Give a five back. I think that's reasonable >> or a six or whatever that is. Just some kind of late round pick. The Rams feel pretty confident. I think that they can hit on players in late rounds >> and they go for Tyson. The reason why I'm saying this too, cuz I know uh one of our buddies uh Sosa, big Rams fan, works with underdog. He's basically been like putting the drum beat lately or basically uh these last couple of weeks that like, oh yeah, the Rams want to get

aggressive and move up. So, um going to listen to him here because he's very plugged in as well. Um he actually runs the underdog NFL account when he >> So, we got three trades in the top seven picks. >> I think it's going to be a trade heavy first round based off what we're hearing. And uh um which was it Brett Beach that said it on a on an interview that he expects like legitimately five to eight trades to happen. >> Um yeah, I think he said like especially knowing that most teams I would assume probably have the same relative 10 to 12 players with first round grades. >> Yes. >> So yeah, I think it makes sense. Um on the board for the New Orleans Saints, um one of the uh mocks that I've seen circulating has been like a beat writers mock. everyone on ESPN kind of, you know, they cover a team and they uh pick a player and the beat writer for the Saints that was covering the team for ESPN did pick Carnell Tate. So, I will uh I will pick with the inside knowledge

there. So, I'll roll with Carnell Tate to the New Orleans Saints at number eight overall. >> Yeah, and I'll have at this pick with the Cardinals. I think it's pretty simple. They probably would have considered him at the third overall pick based off some of the mocks we've seen. But I do think if they trade down and then then at that point if you want to take the risk on Maui Noah I think you'd have more merit. Obviously there's reports these last couple of days that he's dealing with uh what exactly was the injury that's been reported if you if I'm not mistaken. >> Uh Maui know I think it was a herniated disc if I'm not >> herniated disc. Correct. And they were they were contemplating it was like a more of a when not if he gets surgery on it. So like that was the concern but I think that's more of a concern at three. if they trade down, they take him at nine and then you potentially get Simpson at 29. I think that's more

palpable for the Cardinals. So, I'll roll with Maui Noah here. >> Yeah, I I agree. I think it does. I mean, Arizona basically did a very similar situation in 2023 where they're like, we could take Paris Johnson at three, but we'd rather trade down and maybe get Paris Johnson then and I I believe they traded back up or something like that um in that in that deal. So, yeah, I think that makes a lot of sense there. Francis Mau at number nine overall. New York Giants. I mean, >> do they Knowing that Tyson's gone, I think that would obviously hurt the hurt the soul a little bit because I think they are very very in on Tyson. And that's why I said that maybe they just take him at five because they feel comfortable that they'll get one of these Ohio State defenders at number 10. I think it makes too much sense to me to just take Caleb DS and let's rec recreate kind of the Ohio State Buckeyes defense to some degree. I mean, could they take Mai Lemon? Could they take some of these

other players? Maybe. One pairing I haven't seen very often is giving them an offensive lineman. I think just given where Harbaugh came from and the the things that they value and stuff, it wouldn't shock me if they went with offensive line here, whether it's um Vega Yoni or whatever or Spencer Fono or something. But I'll uh I'll roll with Caleb DS. I think that um linebacker and in safety not the most premier positions, but I don't think it's arguable that those are two of the best five players in the draft. And if you can get two of them in the top 10, then you feel pretty confident about that. >> Yeah. No, I think that is reasonable. um on the clock here with the Miami Dolphins and I am uh I'm gonna have to take a look here because >> so they're most commonly mocked players I guess or most common odds that we have here Spencer Fono um France Mau is off the board. Vancer Delane's off the board. Vega Yon, Ruben Bane. Of the guys that are still on the board, Fono Bane

and Mai Lemon are the most commonly uh paired with the Dolphins um uh players. And it if I were making this pick, I think I would I would probably take Mai Lemon to be honest because I do think their their receiver core is the worst in the NFL. >> I I don't mind the Lemon show. I think that's also very reasonable, but I'm also looking at, you know, a young defensive line. You got Chop, you got Uch there. Uch maybe you want more of him in the DPR role. Although maybe you view David Ajabo who you brought it brought in as like a free lotto ticket for those of you that are unaware of David Ajabo. He uh second round pick a couple years ago was coming off the injury when he signed with the Ravens didn't really pan out there. So maybe Miami views that as a reclamation project because initially I was leaning going Ruben Bane. Obviously the connection there they need an edge realistically in terms of a number one and he played for Miami. But I kind of just talked myself out of it when I

looked at, you know, how they orchestrated that front. Um, offensive line could be that direction as well. Spencer, uh, Spencer Fano would probably be my lean here considering he play both tackle and guard. And to be honest, I think I will actually take Spencer Fano just because of that positional versatility. Yeah, I think this is also the type of draft for Miami where they have so many picks and the receiver class is deep enough that if you can't, you know, frontload the position group that people view as shallower, which is the offensive tackle class, I would imagine for most teams, um, then maybe you can just, you know, make it up in volume on the pass catcher front, take two receivers and a tight end or whatever in the mid rounds as we've seen with, you know, like Serat Bell Stowers type of pairings and mocks that we've done. >> The underrated shout here would have been Kenyan Sadiq as well. Yeah, I I I don't think they would take a tight end that high just given the rest of the

needs on the roster, but I think it would fit what they maybe want to do and whatnot. Um I think this is where I think this is where Proctor goes, man. I think he's going to go higher than people think. I think everyone's, you know, not like lock him in. He's going to go to the Lions at 17. I think he's going to go in the top 12, the top 15 picks, legitimately. Big school guy, big physical like size frame. Obviously, if he can control like his weight and that kind of thing, I know that's been a bit of an issue for him. I'm going to just take Kane Proctor here because I think the Browns only trade down if they're comfortable with multiple offensive tackles, whether it's Fono or Proctor, Maui Noah, whatever one falls to them. I think that you'd have to like at least two or three of them to be able to make that trade. >> Yeah. And then I think the Commanders have two options that they'd be willing to run to the podium with. Now, I'd be between Bane and Lemon.

>> I think given the signing of Adaf, I would probably lean Lemon if it was me. I just have a hard time seeing Bane fall out of the top 15. And if we look at 14, >> the off the field stuff, it wouldn't shock me if he's on the board 14 or 15 or 16 or whatever. >> You know, I kind of validated the Washington tradown by saying that maybe they get Lemon at the next pick, so I'll just take Lemon because it's probably a safer option here. But >> yeah, >> I mean, see what happens. >> Yeah, I I wouldn't rule out Baltimore taking Ruben Bane here either. I mean, they they were >> they do this for a living. They took >> Yeah, they take off the field concerns like it's their day job. They took Mike Green, was it last year or two years ago? >> Honestly, I I totally agree. If he made it this far, I don't think they even hesitate. >> No, I don't think they hesitate either. And I also know that based on what I

know about Jason Light and the Tampa Bay Bucks, even if Bane was on the board, I would be worried that he wouldn't fall or they wouldn't take him to be honest because I know they're very very hesitant with off the- field concerns. Like they pretty much just their their knucklehead radar is quite high and they are very hesitant to take him in the first round. In the first round, they're not going to take any risks. Usually, >> Corey, I just want to apologize in advance. >> I I No need. No need. There's a very obvious pick on the board. >> Put Meador there. >> No. >> Really? >> No. There's no way they would take Meador over Vegaon. There's no way. >> You I've never seen them mocked offensive line. >> They've been mocked um like recently like a lot. Really? >> Yeah. Meador is like >> I've only ever seen Mezador and Faulk. >> Of course. I'm not going to lie, I've seen Meodor mock to the Bucks pretty

much more than any other player of any kind. However, I think that's with the assumption Vega is off the board and Vega is not off the board here and anytime he's been on the board for the Bucks, he usually does get mocked there. >> I you can you could pick me. That's totally fine. I just I I think that I actually think there's more a higher chance that Vega goes in the top 10 than he's on the board for for Tampa. And if he's on the board for Tampa, they will take him. I mean, I hope you're right in real life. I just I I can't do it. I I've seen Mezador and Faulk everywhere. >> I know. But part of that is because we're a small market team and no one actually knows what our needs are. Sadik is also a top three mocked player to us as well. And I know for a fact they're not going to take him. >> I don't. But I'm very confident that they won't take him. >> You I'm not gonna bully you out of the picture. Do you think it's gonna be

Messor or Gomezdor? >> I do. I do. Um, there's just too much smoke here. And I also think that Edge Rusher is going to fly. We've seen Malachi Lawrence talked about a 20. We've seen [ __ ] Caldric Faulk talked about in the top 20. Like, we're hearing just so much buzz on these edges. Like, I've heard Zion Young could go in the first round, too. Like, >> another thing for Tampa, and I'm not going to like I'm not going to do it because I do think that it would be a little bit cheating to some degree because I I don't a I don't even control the Bucks, and B, it was obviously like a good outcome for us. I think it's very, very likely they trade down. um yeah from 15 if I don't think they would if Vega was on the board but if Meador is the best player on their board or you know Faulk is the best player on their board I would expect them to be trading down with some of these Steelers Browns um Panthers even Lions like in the market for offensive line help because

those those O linemen are going apparently before the like 22nd pick >> the Eagles are like minus 180 to take an offensive lineman or minus 210 to take an offensive line I think they're going to be coming up for again if Proctor and those guys are on the board if not even like your Monroe Freelings and and those type of guys. I think Miller could even go off the board this high as well. >> Hypothetical that we haven't seen knowing that the Giants are kind of in or Giants Jets are kind of in pick accumulation mode. >> The Eagles based off the early returns on how their interior played and and and when I'm saying that I'm referencing Cam Jurgens didn't have a great year. >> Mhm. Landon Dickerson didn't look like himself after the back injury. Tyler Steen is a solid, you know, backup level, potentially low-end starter, but if the Eagles view on as an allp prolevel guard, they could get aggressive and go and get him. >> Yeah. I mean, >> that's an underrated thing. I haven't

seen >> to be honest with you. I think that the Jets would just take him. fair >> in this scenario because again I I I think that Vega will be one of those 10 to 12 players that everybody has a first round grade on. >> Yeah. Um I mean you're picking here so what are you feeling? >> I so again this is not what I'm going to do but I want to get this take out there. >> Same with the Muji would take Bailey because he wants the safer hit. It wouldn't shock me if they take Denzel Boston this high. >> Wow. >> It wouldn't >> I've seen Cooper uh rumor here too. I I think the media is higher on Cooper than the NFL is. I think Cooper's range probably starts in the mid20s to late 20s. I don't think he's going this high. I think that both uh Boston and Conpion will go before him in the actual draft. And I think that Boston's ceiling is this pick because I think that you need an outside receiver with some size. They're he's also been dubbed like the

safest receiver in the class. And again, given like Muji's personality, what I've heard about him as a GM, it wouldn't shock me if they take Denzel Boston this high, who by the way is plus 1500 to be the number 16 overall pick. So, if you want to get a little long shot bet going, I think he's an interesting one. Um, Vega is who I'm going to take though. >> Fair enough. Um, and I think you just run to the podium, you take Monro Freeling here. If you're the Lions, you need a tackle. >> You need a left tackle specifically. >> Yeah. Or I guess they're they're probably going to play Penny Su at left tackle based on what we've heard. Even still, I go with Freeling. I just think he's the best tackle on the board and he's a prototype tackle. >> Yeah. I mean, Freeling, Blake Miller, Lamu, um >> Ash would be interesting. >> Yeah, like they're all going to go, I think, before pick 25 to be honest. All of them. >> Yeah, I I lean Freeling of those guys, I

like him the most. >> Yeah, for sure. Um we're on the board with the Vikings. I mean, the chalk pick has always been Dylan Theamman. Everyone assumes he's going to be the pick there. >> Sadik is the sneaky one. >> He is. Yeah, Sadi is a sneaky one. Theamman is plus 320 right now. Um, McNeel Warren is plus 550. Jam McCoy McCoy is also an interesting option as well. Do I want to go We're trying to like win this contest here and try and get an easy point potentially. I think I'm going to go in that direction because I do like what the is capable of doing. So, I'll roll with the and go with kind of the chalk pick there. >> Yeah. No, I like thean here. Uh, the chalk pick for the Carolina Panthers. I feel like everybody's been mocking them Sadi as soon as he falls. >> Yeah. Um, I don't know how I feel about that though. Um, >> Conpsion would be, if I had to pick somebody who should be the favorite to be this selection, I think that Conpsion

should be the favorite. >> Really? >> Not like a big favorite. I think Carolina is definitely all over the place as far as what they could do. I also think like Daniel Jeremiah's been really hyping McNeel Warren as if he's going to go in the top 15 picks or something. And like part of me thinks that this could be his floor. I saw a report that he he might fall out of the first round yesterday. >> I DJ's had him in his top 15 overall prospects the entire off season. >> Yeah, like let me let me see uh if there's any recent buzz today. I just searched up McNeel Warren on Twitter. Um yeah, they're all they're all later down. >> Yeah, >> I I think his range though is probably somewhere between like as wide as it sounds probably 20 and 35. >> Yeah. 20 and 40. >> I also like I wouldn't rule out um them taking a tackle here as well like just taking you know Lomu or Blake Miller or something and just getting a tackle in

house cuz I mean what is their tackle situation right now? You obviously um you have Auanu is on his final year of his deal is if I'm not mistaken, right? >> Yeah, they got Auano Moden. I honestly I think they're going to bring back Auanu and they also have Rasheed Walker signed as a swing tackle. So I think they're >> probably need according to this this database here. So that's why I'm reporting it here. interesting. Um, yeah, I can't really think of anything better. And I also see Charles Smith Ray Wade in the starting lineup. So, uh, give them a new nickel with McNeel Warren seeing the success of Nick Mary. Again, I don't know if he actually goes on day one given the current reports I've been seeing. But also, I just refuse to believe the tight end smoke with this team. Like, they haven't used tight ends for the last four years. >> Yeah. No, I I don't I don't uh I don't disagree with that. I think that Sadique is he's the first logical it's the first

logical spot for him and people think because he tested so well he's going to go higher. I tend to think that Sadi is going to be like a late first round pick. Like he's going to be towards like the 25 to 32 range. >> Be a steal in that range. If so >> he might be. Yeah. But like I think that's probably more so what the NFL thinks of him if I had to guess. Um okay. Cleveland Browns. We took a tackle for them with their first pick. Um, I think it's pretty likely that given that they have picked 20 and 24, they would definitely be in on this wide receiver class, but also knowing that they pick in a couple of picks. Um, the Chargers and Eagles certainly a threat to take a wide receiver coming up. So, I do think this would be the receiver and then maybe they go best player available with their next selection or even take another offensive lineman I think is within the range of outcomes for the Cleveland Browns, their 24th pick. Um, I think knowing what they have already

at receiver, you have like in theory kind of like a Z receiver with Jerry Judy. You have a big X kind of style wide receiver in Cedric Tilman who I think the Cleveland Browns might be higher on than the general consensus probably thinks. Like Tilman's been pretty decent when he's been on the field. And then you have Harold Fannon is more your like f tight end and he can be used. I think that they'd be really in on Casey Conpsion because he can kind of do whatever you need him to do. I think he can play Z. I think he can play slot. I think you could move him to X later on in his career once he figures out um some more physicality and that kind of thing. So, I'm going to roll with Casey Conpsion. I think Boston is usually the receiver people pair with Cleveland, but I do think that sneakily they might be higher on Cedric Tilman than people think. And as bad as it sounds, maybe this is like a really anti-Boston take, but I actually don't think Cedric Tilman is that much worse

than Denzel Boston. >> Yeah, I mean I I don't think that's outrageous to say. I actually do like Cedric Tilman, so I don't mind that. >> Yeah. Um, Pittsburgh Steelers. What are you thinking here? >> Yeah, I'm trying to find the current odds on uh their first pick right now. >> Yeah, here I'll go to um their 20 the 21st overall picks potential odds here. We have Omar Cooper is the favorite at plus 650. Kaden Proctor is off the board is the next favorite. Caleb Lamu, Denzel Boston, Blake Miller, Ayanna Chore, um those type of guys. So, they're thinking wide receiver, maybe offensive tackle. And then um >> team's first selection. If I go to the Pittsburgh Steelers, it says minus 105 for offensive lineman, plus 205 for um wide receiver. So again, probably receiver or lineman based on what we have here. >> Well, actually, now that I think about it, if I'm not mistaken, I think Brick Jones had some very serious surgery this

year, this off seasonason. >> He's also been kind of disappointing from what I understand. >> Let me see. Set back in the neck injury he sustained last season. May not be ready to start training camp or week one. So, I will be going with an offensive tackle. >> Yeah. You going to go Lomu, Miller, or Max here? >> Give me Max. Give me Max. >> Really? Eh, >> um I I like the current buzz we've been seeing on him. Um I think it would be between him and Lomu, but um I'll lean on Achar. >> Yeah, that's definitely fair. Um Chargers definitely could be in need of an edge. Definitely could be in need of offensive line help as well. Currently, their projected like favorite here is Kellrick Faulk. Um I've seen him a lot of Chargers a lot actually. Um Blake Miller and TJ Parker among players on the board are the next two. And then you start to see some of the IDLs as well. Maybe this is the top of their range. Like we could maybe Peter Woods or Kane

McDonald go this high. I don't think they will. I think they would probably go for Faulk because as I understand it, he has a little bit more versatility than than TJ Parker and Cashes Howell and some of the other edges on the board. I think you can do more with Faulk as far as if he's a five. >> Yeah. If you need him to play five tech or if you need him to play like true kind of 43 defensive end, he can kind of do both of those things. So, I'll uh I'll roll with Kendrick Faulk to the Chargers. >> Yeah, I think that'd make a lot of sense. And uh it feels like the Chargers at some points always feel like they're getting gashed by the run. So, getting a guy that can really be stouted in front is going to be helpful. Um Eagles on the clock here. I mentioned offensive lineman. U Blake Miller feels like an Eagle to me. >> I was between him and Lomu. >> Yeah, I I think they would like definitely lean towards offensive linemen. Again, teams first selection

odds right now. Philadelphia Eagles. Yeah, they're minus 200 on DK for offensive line and then plus 290 for wide receiver. I think because they're basically intending to trade AJ Brown, they could go wide receiver here or even take Kenyon Sadiq because Goddard was basically just, you know, one-year deal come back after the first wave of free agency. I think offensive weapon of some kind would definitely be in play for them. But I I think they'll go tackle just given the given the Eagles draft tendencies. That's typically what their priorities have been. >> Yeah, I like Lumu here. >> Yeah, definitely makes sense. Uh Cleveland Browns, we've already given them Kaden Proctor, so we give him a left tackle, assuming that they think he can play a left tackle. We give him Casey Conpsion, so they fix their offensive tackle and wide receiver positions for the time being. Like I said, definitely not outside the range of outcomes that they could also take another offensive tackle.

>> Double up on either to be honest. >> Yeah, double. Yeah, honestly, they could take another receiver as well. I think with with Fannon at tight end, with Judy and with Tilman and some of the other lower end guys, it's also a deeper class. You have a decent amount of picks in the mid rounds and stuff. I think the receiver would be probably further down the board after taking one of them. >> It wouldn't shock me if they're like the team that takes the Gerard McCoy risk because of the knee stuff. I don't know what to think of him out a mid-40s pick like Will Johnson was last year or is he gonna >> is he going to be more Caleb Farley which is kind of the same feel to this situation. >> So his uh projection dropped to 28 a half uh draft pick projection and there was buzz that teams were more worried about his knee injury than they were about Will Johnson. And I thought Will Johnson as good of a prospect McCoy was prior to the injury. Will Johnson was a

guy that was getting mocked in like the top five, the top 10 of the early mocks last year. So, the fact that he fell to 47 with what teams are describing as less of a concern makes me extremely worried that Jamal McCoy might fall to the third round. >> I mean, I would love to take Jam McCoy as a Tampa Bay Bucks fan in the mid-second round. I would feel very very good about that. If we walk away with like an edge or inside linebacker or something at 15 and we walk away with Jam McCoy in the second, I would feel great about it. And Benjamin Morrison is very similar situation last year who had some knee stuff. um as well. I'm not going to take Jamal McCoy here. I think the Browns would be potentially willing to double up on offensive tackle, to be honest, and take Miller here. I I I think he might just be like the best player on the board, so to speak, for what they'd be looking for. They're not I I don't expect them to even really be in on Tai Simpson at all. I think they

actually, as crazy as it sounds, feel pretty confident that one of Deshun Watson or Shadurk can get them through the year. Um yeah, I don't know. Would you go Blake Miller here? Would you go maybe pair a guy with a Miles Garrett? Like maybe take a different corner as well. I think it's it's reasonable that somebody um takes let's say the San Diego State corner this high. Um Chris Johnson or Colton Hood this high or um even like I don't think pawns would sneak into the first round, but even Cece potentially this could be the ceiling for his range. >> So um Titus Howard's making a [ __ ] ton of money and they just traded for him. >> Are they moving him to guard though? like cuz he played guard in Houston recently. >> He's listed as the right tackle. Um >> I mean he sucked at right tackle in Houston though. >> I mean he's making threeear 63 million as the extension they signed. >> Okay. So I guess they probably view him as a tackle then. You know what I'm

going to do? I'm going to go with uh I'm going to go with a uh I'm going to take Aven Terrell. >> Take a Terrell this high. I think the the Browns know that they have a defensive strength and uh playmakers on the back end when you have Garrett up front makes sense. They're a hard team to if they have three ones they're a hard team to figure out. If they have two ones it's probably tackle and receiver. But um with the third one here with the Cowboys trade, it's a little bit harder to figure out. >> Yeah. No, that that makes a ton of sense. Um I'm on the clock here and you can make the case with um Oh my god, I almost said Joe Tuni retiring. There [ __ ] other guy retired. Uh >> Dolman. >> Dolman. Dolman retired. Um they do have Jonah Jackson and Garrett Bradbury slated as starters on the interior. So I think like they're going to feel like they're fine there even with the retirement. Um, I'm looking at Edge as well. Obviously, that's going to be a

big-time rumor. That's a what ended up being their downfall in the playoffs last year, I would say, is just inconsistent rush in the passer. Um, where am I leaning, though? I think I will lean an edge. Can you show me some of the edges on the board? I think Parker's an interesting >> I think this could be where Lawrence hears his name as well. >> I love pairing Lawrence here. There's so much buzz. He could potentially sneak in the top 20. He doesn't quite make it there, but I do think uh he's going to be a play here at 25 even if he doesn't go in the top 20. >> Yeah. You know what? Um you know what's a little shocking to me? I'm just looking at like overunders for certain players, like how high they're expected to go. First of all, um Vega Vega is expected minus 310 to go top 15. So that's why I said if he was there, he would probably go to the Bucks. Another one that's surprising to me is minus 150 Kenyon Sadi on lower than 15 and a half.

Like so the Bucks being kind of the last stop for him in in some people's minds. I I'm curious to see where he goes, man. I I could go back and forth with him. I could see him going nine to Kansas City and I could also see him falling all the way to San Francisco. Like there's a bunch of different opinions I think on Kenyon Sadik. Um I'm on the board with the Bills. Given that they traded for DJ Moore, they have Khalil Shakir. I think if they go for a receiver here, the logical answer would be Denzel Boston just because of the the play style that he has. And I do think like I'd be hardressed to see him go much lower than this just based on what I've heard about Denzel Boston. I think that teams will take him inside the top 25ish overall picks. So I think I'm going to go in that direction. Even though that you know uh Bills fans will probably be pretty scared that he's Keon Coleman 2.0. I do think that the theory of taking Keon Coleman was that he would be

your ex- receiver even though that's not really what his role was supposed to be in in the NFL. Whereas Boston I think is a lot better suited to be that. You ready for fireworks here? >> What are you going to do? >> This is Sadiq. If he falls here would be logical fits for either either of these picks for sure. >> George KD coming off a very severe injury. Um he might not even be ready. He might not even be 70% 80% of himself in week one. And even when he does come back, you now have a 12 personnel grouping of freaking George KD and Kenyan Sadik. Good luck. >> Yeah, good luck indeed. Um, another another one that should be off the board according to this here is um the Omar Cooper Jr. overunder is 23 and a half and it's minus 160 on the under. So, a lot of teams are thinking or a lot of you know people making bets are thinking that it's probable that he goes like to the Jets at 16 or maybe he goes in the early 20s to the Steelers or something like that. So, that's another guy that

we should probably get off the board here pretty soon because he should go at some point in the first round I would imagine. Um but maybe taking the over 23 and a half is not a terrible one. Um Texans who haven't >> heavy offensive line favorite. >> Yeah, I mean Blake Miller's on the board still, isn't he? >> Yeah, I believe so. I think >> he's still there. So I mean we could we could definitely go Blake Miller here. He's he's been the chalk pick to the Texans. I think again, could they trade out of the first round entirely because they're eyeing like Jadarian Price? I think that's potentially a thing. I don't think they would take price this high, but I do think they could trade out of the first round entirely. It wouldn't shock me if they did something like that. Um, but I'll go with Blake Miller here because in this situation, the tackle did fall to them. And I think based everything of what I've heard about this tackle class is that NFL

teams seem to think there's like five, six tackles that are good and then the rest of them are like third and fifth round caliber players. >> Ty Simpson here. >> Yeah. I mean, this is why you make the trade if you're Arizona is go down and just take Tai Simpson at 29 where the Chiefs uh give that pick to you. Um, >> Omar, >> I think this could be Omar. I mean, did we give them a receiver at 11? We did not. We gave them Spencer Fono. Yeah, I think Omar Cooper would be a really good fit in this offense. You think of um where they came from, you know, they use Jaden Reed in a big like a slot role. I think that this would be uh kind of the plan for Omar Cooper Jr. So that would make sense >> for sure. Um and hear me out. So obviously we had just, you know, San Francisco running to the podium taking Sadiq. I also think if Sadique started following a little bit, the Patriots would get aggressive and try to make an offer up because there has been some rumors floating out. I actually sent it

in our group chat. >> Yeah. that they wanting tight end. >> They're trying to add a receiving tight end and probably going to end up more so being like they lean like a Stoers or Claire maybe in round two, but it also could be they want to get aggressive on Sadiq. So that could be something we could be looking at tomorrow. With that being said though, given the current status of the board, h I don't really think How's a Patriot style edge, unfortunately. Um just >> I think they could be a like a Kaden McDonald type of team. Like I could see him sneaking into round one in this in this type of territory. >> Parker makes a lot of sense. >> Like Christian Gonzalez is going to need a new contract at some point and maybe they want to get ahead of that. Give themselves some flexibility if they hit on a corner in this territory as well. >> Uh linebacker would also make sense. Um I guess like you have Spelain and Ellis as your main starter, so you probably

wouldn't want to do that in round one. But I also think if they view like, oh my god, CJ Allen is a blue chip type of linebacker, like I think they could make the case for taking him here. >> Yeah. >> Um I'm really stuck between an edge rusher and >> honestly I I think it's just an edge rusher. I think TJ Parker's the pick. >> Okay, I'm going to do something fun at number 32 cuz I if there's anything I feel confident about in this in this draft, I think that the Seahawks are not picking here. I think they're going to trade back into the second round for sure. And you know who's going to trade up with them? A team that's already shown some aggressiveness so far this off seasonason by trading away uh their number 10 overall pick in exchange for a defensive player to help their defense. This is a very crucial year for Joe Burrow. And I don't think the Cincinnati Bengals are [ __ ] around at this point. So what we're going to do is

we're going to give them pick what is that 41. And we're going to give them a fourthround pick which the Seahawks are not currently in possession of at this point in time. They do not have their own fourth round pick. So, we're going to give them uh pick 41, drop down nine spots if you're Seattle, probably a more applicable range for Jadarian Price, who I imagine would be one of their targets at this point in time. And the Cincinnati Bengals. Is that Did I do it? Hold on. >> Maybe go the trade here. Hold on. Cincinnati Bengals. Where'd you go? Cincinnati. >> Uh 41. Oh, no. It went through. >> Oh, it went through. It's probably just glitched on the site. >> Okay. Maybe it's just glitched on the site. The Cincinnati Bengals are going to come up for Jacob Rodriguez, linebacker from Texas Tech because they could use some players on the back end of their defense. And also too, again, that should say Cincinnati. I don't know why the the pick didn't the the logo

didn't trade. But Jacob Rodriguez to me is a first round player and he's I think in my opinion, he's linebacker two in the class. And I don't think we're just going to see Sunny go in the first round. I think it's very possible that Jacob Rodriguez sneaks in >> starting in the early 20s to the mid, you know, mid20s, late 20s. And I also think it's possible that CJ Allen or Anthony Hill sneak into the first round as well. But yeah, that's what we're going to roll with now. I hope this doesn't screw me over because it says Seattle and I want it to be Cincinnati. But >> yeah, I noticed there was a little bit of that glitch when I was working with the site, too. >> Yeah, maybe I'll can I stop this trade and do it again? Maybe it'll work this time. Um yeah, I mean it says that it's says that it's in. So, I mean, whatever. We'll uh we'll just make the pick over again and hopefully this will submit draft properly. But yeah, that is the

mock we are rolling with. And it says Jacob Rodriguez to the [ __ ] Seahawks, but whatever. I'd still get a point for it even in that situation. But uh yeah, let me zoom out so everyone can see the whole >> draft here. >> Um yeah, feel pretty good about this one. Um >> Oh yeah, >> lots of offensive tackles coming off the board. Couple of big big time trades. Aral Reese to the Chiefs, Mansor Delane to the Cowboys, Jordan Tyson to the Rams. I think every team in those deals got what they were looking for. The Cardinals are able to get Tai Simpson, the Browns are able to get a couple extra first round picks to add to their defense and add receiver and tackle help. And then the uh Commanders get Mai Lemon, who maybe they are eyeing at seven, but they maybe get him at a more appropriate value in their mind. >> Yeah. No, I think that makes sense >> for sure. So, uh let me know what you guys think of uh the drafts. Comment down below. Our team would never do

that. You guys are dumb as [ __ ] I know mock drafts get people angry, but um just for fun, we're doing a predictive mock draft. This isn't necessarily what we would do. It's kind of what we think will happen on draft day. Let us know down below your favorite like team prospect pairing. And again, I I was about to say not a sponsor. Underdog of course is a sponsor of ours, but the underdog mock draft simulator is not a sponsor of ours. But if you do want to use it, there is a contest going on where you can get $100 in bonus funds if you finish top five in the leaderboards. And again, you get points for correct team fits, you get points for correct player in a certain slot and all that kind of stuff. So if you guys want to do an underdog mock draft, I believe it closes at midnight tonight on Wednesday, April 22nd. um if you guys want to get your mocks in and you get some points there. And of course, if you're new to underdog, you can use promo code FSE to sign up. Um and you'll get a 50% deposit

match up to $1,000. You play $5, you get uh $50 in bonus entries on the site. NHL playoffs, NBA playoffs going on right now. I'm making some NBA picks over on the TikTok if you guys want to tail some of those as well. Um but yeah, appreciate you guys. Like, comment, subscribe, all that good stuff. Check out our rookie draft guide. If you're not fantasy players and you want to be a fantasy player, want to be a dynasty player, go check out all that stuff. That'll be linked down below in the description. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
