This will be the only Dynasty Rookie Rankings tier list you guys will need. Today, we're breaking down our top 30 rookie rankings for Superflex half tight end premium drafts, going through the landing spots, through the draft capital now that we've gotten all of the juicy information that we needed. A lot of people are talking crap about this class, saying it isn't good, but if you're diligent, if you're doing your research, you're going to find the gems that inevitably will come out of this draft. And a reminder to all of you guys that our prospect model all up to date for quarterbacks, running backs, wide receivers, tight ends on the site right now. Our rookie draft guy, the Dynasty Wall Street Journal, completely updated after the NFL draft. Our top 50, top 75 rookies all inputed over there. And again, we just resigned with Underdog. And to celebrate, if you guys want to use promo code FSE over on Underdog Fantasy, you can get our Dynasty rookie draft guide and our reddraft and weekly

rankings later on in the offseason for free by using that promo code and making your first play on the site. Danny, let's get it kicked off with Jeremiah Love, who was the 101 for us pre-draft, obviously the 101 for us postdraft. Goes third overall to the Arizona Cardinals. Both of us have him listed here as the 101. Yeah. And the only thing I would say because obviously we could talk about Jeremiah Love being the 101 of this class. Nothing has changed like you said for the last six, seven, eight months almost going on a year like Jeremiah Love has been that guy. But we can talk about the landing spot and I would say the reddraft projection, the one-year projection is a little murky with Arizona. Again, you typically will see Jeremiah Love by week eight, by week nine, probably developing into a full-fledged Bellcow running back, but we kind of saw what it looked like with Bejian Robinson. We kind of seen the growing pains from these young running backs, especially when there is competition on that depth chart. Again,

long-term Jeremiah Love, he's going to be a workhorse 20 23 plus opportunity for game type of back. But in year one specifically, Tyler Alier, he's no slouch, man. Two years, 12 million this off season. Physical runner. We saw him steal goal line opportunities from Bejon last year. And I would put the guess that the Arizona Cardinals don't score as many points as the Atlanta Falcons did in 2025. >> Yeah, I mean, we'll see what happens with Jacobe Brassette and Carson Beck there. But, uh, yeah, Jeremiah Love, short-term reddraft projection aside, long-term, you feel great about him as a top three to five dynasty running back. Uh, if you guys can see on the ex on the expert rankings on the site, Avery has him up at the end of the first round. Mason, the lowest expert on the site, has him basically as a two, three turn startup pick. So, you're getting a legitimate high-end RB1, a guy that you can feel confident by year two or even midway through year one, will be an

every week starter and every week staple for fantasy points per game. And he's got five years of team control, top five draft capital, 21 years old. We feel great about Jeremiah Love. Only issue is, you know, you got a little bit of backfield competition, but it could have been worse. He could have gone to the Giants. In my opinion, it would have been worse for him because Cam Scataboo and Tracy are at least young. Some of the guys that they have there a little bit older. James Connor, short-term assets like Tyler Algier would have been better if he went to the Commanders, but such is life. Let's get in to the second tier of players. Now, Carnell Tate, you actually have kind of like a tier discrepancy between him and the rest of these guys here, whereas I kind of have them all in the same tier. But both of us do have Carnell Tate, the wide receiver now of the Tennessee Titans, as the 102 in the class. And you can see on the site, pretty much everybody is in agreement that he's like relatively like

a third round startup pick, give or take. Um, some of us on the higher end like me and Avery and you are like basically early third round. And then Zack and Sammy a little bit lower, kind of like the three four turn. Carnell Tate, second highest graded prospect in the prospect model. Goes to a situation with Wandell Robinson, Calvin Ridley, Elio Manor, Shmeir, DK. There's no true alpha there. Cam Ward, as we talked about when Carnell Tate was drafted, gunslinger, likes to take risks. Carnell Tate dominant at the catch point. We talked about it, his much maligned 80 plus percent contested catch rate, which is basically the best that's ever been recorded for a multi-year starter career contested catch rate wise in college football over the last 10 years. So Tate, perfect fit to the Titans. Going to be their number one. A lot of smoke here. You know, they were obviously in the Jeremiah Love running. He goes number three overall. They're obviously picking at four. We've heard people say,

"Well, if Arval Ree is on the board, they're going to take an edge rusher. If David Bailey's on the board, they're going to take an edge rusher." Well, Arval Ree was on the board and they saw Carl and said, "No, we want to go select our number one wide receiver because the biggest priority is developing Cam Ward." And that's why I'm so optimistic with this Carnalt landing spot. Again, I already had him in this range pre-draft because in terms of my grade, he was my wide receiver one in the class. Talent-wise, he actually stacks up with some of the best wide receiver prospects based off my own tape evaluation. And when you plug him here with top five overall draft capital, 130 plus target upside, ascending young talented quarterback, but more importantly the scheme bringing Brian Dball in like I understand stylistically they are different wide receivers. Malik Neighbors was averaging 11 targets per game in his rookie season with Brian Dball calling the shots. You don't think

Carninal Tate is going to be in the mix of eight, nine targets per game right off the bat. if he can prove himself as the best wide receiver on this team. Brian Dal has showed time and time again he is able to trust these young guys leading these offenses. On top of that with Carnell like there are going to be some people out there that are like oh sorry my my [ __ ] audio is glitching good now. Okay. And there will be some people in your league, you know, similar to if you guys were watching the coverage show and you saw like Malik neighbors saying like, "Oh, he's always been a number two." dude, like we don't know if you can handle being a number one. Like there will be some doofuses in your league who think that and you can just point them to Justin Jefferson. You can just point them to Brian Thomas Jr. Listen, when freaking Jeremiah Smith is on the other side of you in college, it's pretty hard to be the number one wide receiver. Maybe one to three guys ever would.

>> Yeah. No, legitimately. And a lot of people, somebody quote tweeted Malik Neighbors saying that with you would have been the number two behind Jeremiah Smith also. Absolutely. And Malik was an exceptional prospect. literally the best prospect ever recorded in my prospect model until we get Jeremiah Smith next year. So, um, Mai Lemon is our consensus 103. I'm definitely bringing that one up because I do have him ranked 103. You have him at 104. You have the quarterback Fernando Mendoza ahead of him. But both of us do have him above Jordan Tyson, which is definitely not going to be the consensus opinion. I've already seen many people say Jordan Tyson's their 103, they're wide receiver two. I've even seen people put Jordan Tyson wide receiver one so far because of kind of some of the concerns you said with Carnell Tate. But all of us do agree for the most part other than Zach really that Mai Lemon is like a fourth round, fifth round startup pick. I look at it this way. Mai Lemon is the number

one prospect in the wide receiver prospect model, narrowly beating out Carell Tate. Mai Lemon averaged 96 receiving yards per game in his collegiate career. Every number, every metric you can point to is a smashing success. And when you factor in Jacobe Lane, third round pick, Zachariah Branch, who was there with Mai Lemon in college, third round pick. Deuce Robinson from Florida State probably going to be a top 100 pick next year. He was the guy. He was the number one receiver. So he's experienced dealing with Devonte Smith. AJ Brown's going to the Patriots. I'm not even worried about AJ Brown and Jaylen Herz. I know there's people going, "Oh, he can't throw over the middle of the field." And there's absolutely some accuracy to that. But let me ask you this. Who have been his middle of the field targets? He hasn't had a guy like Mai Lemon who can play the Z receiver spot, who can play in the slot, wherever they need him to play. I'm not ruling out, as we talked about

last year with Travis Hunter and Brian Thomas Jr., I'm not ruling out Mai Lemon being the better receiver than Devonte Smith. I actually think he can be, not maybe not right away, but I think he can develop into that. And knowing that Smith will be on the outside seeing number one coverage, it'll open things up for Mai Lemon. So, there's short-term concerns here. Pass volume, Jaylen Herz, AJ Brown. By year two, I expect most of those concerns to be pretty much gone. This does remind me a lot of Luther Burden last year, of a mecha Ibuka last year, of Romo Dun in years past, JSN, the great one. >> Yeah, like a Dunay is a really good example for sure. >> Well, I was going to say Ibuka is the great one, too, because he went into a situation where like, oh, there's just so many mouths to feed. You got Godwin, you got Mike Evans, you got obviously Jaylen McMillan really showed down the stretch. You got tight end there with Kate on who was really productive. Like we kind of made the same arguments

against Secha Buuka and maybe in some of your leagues he was able to fall to the 108, the 109, maybe even the 110 because people were so off of that landing spot. Like I'm sure in some leagues Matthew Golden probably went above Acha Ibuka. Now Ibuka being, you know, a top 12 to 15 receiver. Matthew Golden, let's just say not on that level. But with Mai Lemon, I think you pretty much outlined the pros and cons here. I'll talk about the cons first because there's so much pros I can bring up. The cons being, of course, the passing volume. You mentioned Jaylen Herz, what's the longevity there? And on top of that, this is kind of I don't want to say a crowded depth chart because I do think Mai Lemon from a talent perspective could very easily be the one here. But at the same time, when you're projecting low volume and you do have Devonte Smith, you do have another tight end here who we'll talk about in a second. They select in the second round, you do bring back Dallas Goddard, maybe the

pure reddraft projection won't be there this year. But we're not drafting this guy for his year one. We're drafting him because maybe down the stretch in the last five weeks, he has a big-time showing going into next year. He could be the presumed number one wide receiver. At the end of the day, you just want to be betting on talent. And uh if you were saying that you had problems with the Seattle landing spot for JSN, you clearly missed out after this breakout season. >> Yeah, like I said, if you go to our prospects tab on flockfantasy.com, you can see the best receiver prospects since 2016 and you see number eight overall there, Mai Lemon, number 10 overall, Carell Tate. right in the same range around the likes of Devonte Smith, AJ Brown, Justin Jefferson, T. Higgins, Garrett Wilson, Roma Dunce, Drake London. Like again, you just don't pass on these types of prospects. That's the bottom line. Like the semantics don't matter when you're this good of a

prospects. It didn't matter for CD Lamb. It didn't matter for Jackson Smith and Jigba. It didn't matter for all of those guys. So, Mai Lemon, short-term concerns be be damned. He is my 103 and I will be getting a lot of shares because I anticipate him sliding to 104 to 105, maybe even 106 or 107 in some people's leagues here. Uh, let's talk about Fernando Mendoza who for both of us was quarterback one before the draft. I have him as my 104. You have him as your 103. You and I both actually are the highest consensus experts on the site. Both >> 75. >> Yeah. I mean, I don't know what that's about, but you and I both kind of see him as right in that territory of the last QB top 15, top 16 quarterbacks you want to anchor a dynasty roster with with Bo Knicks and Jordan Love and Jackson Dart. Right in that range is where we see Fernando Mendoza given the offense he just went to. Clint Kubak, experienced play caller, led a team to the Super Bowl this past year. Genty and

Bowers are good weapons. I really wish they added another receiver like a Serat or something like that. >> Linder bomb a bag. >> What's up? >> I said they gave Linderbomb a bag. So, at least they allocated some of their resources towards the Lifine the O line. Like, yeah, like >> it's a young offense. It's unproven, >> but we compare this to the Titan situation Cam Ward walked into to so many of the quarterbacks, Bryce Young, um, even CJ Shaw for that matter, like outside of Nico Collins, Trevor Lawrence, like we the list goes on and on. We could talk about the quarterback situations people walk into and I would argue that Fernando Mendoza walking to the Las Vegas is probably, you know, a top 30th percentile across that for or across that stretch. Realistically with Mendoza, we know what it is. Is he ever going to be the quarterback one, two or three in Dynasty? Probably not. Like it would need to, you know, complete hype. Oh my god, he overcomes expectations.

The >> Joe for that to happen. It's got to be like what CJ Stra was considered after his rookie year. Obviously, you mentioned with Joe Burrow kind of in that regard because admittedly you're not going to be getting 700 plus rushing yards a year, but at the same time, 300 to 500 rushing yards has already kind of always kind of been where I've been at for my expectation and this could legitimately be a quarterback that can throw 35 plus touchdowns in his prime. Yeah, number one wide receiver. We don't really know who that is yet. At the same time, I have a little bit of optimism with Jack B. You do have Brock Bowers and Ash and Jetty to supplement targets to the point where I trust Clint Kubak and I trust Fernando Mendoza and that's the only two people I realistically have to trust in this situation. >> Yeah. No, exactly. And I I do expect him to be somewhat grandfathered into this offense and be a little bit of a game manager probably year one as well. Um

but who knows what if they're picking top five next year and they get Jeremiah Smith like they're going to be bad team. Like they're not going to be a good team if I if I had to guess. Like it's a rookie head coach, the rookie quarterback. They're probably not going to win a lot of games. So whether the like the receiver core looks bad right now. It's like Jaylen Naylor, Trey Tucker, and Jack Bash. Like it's not a good receiver core, but you have the best young tight end in football and one of the best young running backs in football. So there's a lot more there than Bryce Young and Trevor Lawrence and those guys ever had to work with. And more importantly, you added some offensive line help. And you already have, you know, a good left tackle, good offensive line pieces in Linder Bomb coming in. And you have a good coach, which is really the most important part because Caleb Williams had weapons his rookie season, but didn't have a good coach. You want to hear the thing that

nobody's even talking about either is that people are always worried organizationally. Are these GMs, are these, you know, heads of decisions realistically making the best football moves to surround their quarterback? That is not an issue when you have Tom Brady calling the shots. >> I mean, we'll see. I I don't want to say because he's Tom Brady, he's going to make all the best. He wanted to bring in Gino Smith for a lot of money, so I I don't know if he's like necessarily a guaranteed hit. I mean, I there was a lot more wrong with Gino Smith last year than just his own play. Like, I do feel like they've done a lot to patchwork it on top of that. I feel like they're going to continue to build that offensive roster. I do trust Tom Brady to be able to do that. >> Yeah. No, for sure. So, this next tier of guys, again, a lot I'm going to say like I know people are going to be mad in the comments, you know, Jordan Tyson should be ahead of Lemon. He should at

least be in the same tier. I believe you actually do have him in the same tier as Lemon if I'm not mistaken. So the way I have my tiers, you mentioned Tate, tier of his own, A tier at number two overall. The three to six for me is all in the same tier. So I have Mendoza and Lemon in the same tier as Tyson and Price. That would be my difference. >> Okay. Yeah. So for me, I have Tyson and Price in their own tier with the other four other three guys here. Like the way that we have it in our consensus. Again, this is a way you can see our consensus rankings on the site. If you select me, which you need to uh be a paid subscriber to do, select me and you select Danny as the experts, an FSE logo will pop up and you can actually click that logo to consensus our rankings together. Jordan Tyson is a slightly worse prospect than Mai Lemon and Carnell Tate, which is partially why he's below here. He also has the best receiver of the three in his receiving core, at least based on the production

that they posted in 2025 in Chris Ave. But there's a lot of pros to Jordan Tyson. They have probably the best offensive situation from a pass volume standpoint. Like Kell Moore, uptempo, 600 plus pass attempts I expect to be coming for the New Orleans. >> Pop pace of play. That's what you're getting with Kell Moore offenses. We saw it in Dallas. We saw it the one year he was in Philadelphia. Easily the highest pace offense we've seen of the Jaylen Herz tenure. Now he goes to New Orleans. You saw how it finished down the stretch there. A ton of passing attempts, a ton of rushing opportunities even with that with Tyler Shuck. The fact is that he calls a balanced offense, but he does it so fast that there's just so many plays that you can get into the mix there. >> Yeah. No, for sure. And Jordan Tyson versus Jadarian Price is a decision point for me that I've wrestled with. I would say in a vacuum, 55% of the time I would take Jordan Tyson. 45% of the time

I'd take Jadarian Price. It's close. It's team dependent. You need a running back, go ahead and take Jadarian Price ahead of Jordan Tyson. you don't need a running back or let's say you have like a long-term rebuild, you have an orphan, something like that, you can afford to be patient with a young receiver, then take Jordan Tyson. It really depends on your team situation. I will say though, a first round running back versus a top 10 receiver, the hit rate's higher for a first round running back and that includes the likes of Rashad Penny and Tony Michelle and some of the worst first round running backs that we've seen as far as the prospect caliber if you're you're going to apply that argument to Jajarian Price. So for me, the hit rates and the expected PPR points per game does actually favor Jadarian Price. And he ranks already for me as a top 12 Dynasty running back. Whereas Jordan Tyson is my Dynasty wide receiver 20. And if you were just saying

like remove the names for a second, who would you rather have in a startup? RB 11 or 12 in dynasty or RB 19 or 20 or sorry wide receiver 19 or 20 in dynasty startup. I think a lot of people would probably choose the running back especially knowing that he's, you know, four years, five years of team control with a lot of projectable volume right away. Yeah, ultimately this is the honeypot for me. Uh again, like I said, three to six all in the same tier. I'd be very h comfortable, very happy leaving the first round with one of these names. Now, obviously, we'll go later in the list, probably not going to feel as smooth about a lot of those projections, but with Jordan Tyson and which Jadarian Price, I do expect them to even potentially have a role as soon as this year in terms of, you know, impacting your reddraft leagues, impacting your baseball leagues, that, you know, top six round, top seven round picks, I can be on board with. >> Yeah. Yeah. And I I I think again if I

had to, you know, if I was betting on this, I would probably think that Jadarian Price has more PPR points per game his rookie season than Jordan Tyson does personally just because Charban is basically nine months away from Charbanet surgery is week 11 of this season. So we're talking about a guy who has Emanuel Wilson to beat out and was a first round pick and is playing for the defending Super Bowl champions. And you're like, "Oh, well Kenneth Walker Kenneth Walker didn't do anything last year." It's like, first of all, Clint Kubak is gone. who only person who ever treated Kenneth Walker that way. Before that, Kenneth Walker was always a starting running back. Let me just finish this point really quick. Number two, >> um, Zack Charbet, like I said, won't be back on the field until week 11 or so. Number three, Jadarian Price, if he's in Kenneth Walker's role, is expecting a lot more receiving work than we know Jadarian Price's profile is really

capable of at this point in time. And number four, too, there is no uh Kenneth Walker, oh, he's missing holes. Like Jadarian Price has great vision, is always on time, knows what he's doing. Whereas Kenneth Walker, I suspect part of why they use Charbanet was because Walker's a little bit more of a boomer runner as well. >> Well, this is a team that's going to win 10 plus games. Even if you're lower on the Seahawks, you think, okay, they're not going to quite win 14 like they did last year. They're going to win 10 plus games. We know their defense is going to be top end. We know that they're going to be icing out football games. Even though he's not got the best receiving skill set, he could be in line just from a game script perspective for 18 plus touches any single given game. You look at the running back court on that team. Yeah, you signed Emanuel Wilson. George Alani probably can get some work, but realistically the main competition piece

is Zack Charbanet and you just said it, he will not be back at full capacity probably until week nine, week 10, week 11. >> Week six, best case scenario, he's on the pop >> and that's him rushing back. It was a significant injury and he didn't get his surgery until February. But the favorite thing that I think you said there, everybody keeps saying, "Well, they lost Walker and it was such a committee last year." The guy who called the committee is freaking gone. We don't >> also used Walker when it mattered most for what it's worth. >> The first off season we have with Brian Flurry as the freaking offense coordinator, they replaced Kenneth Walker with a first round pick. What's more likely? this guy, this offense coordinator. Yeah, we don't know his tendencies yet, but the new offensive coordinator went out and picked his guy or he's just going to run a bog standard one-two committee because you guys want him to. >> Yeah. No, not to mention Price, the the

film is is a first round running back. Like, I know the prospect profile isn't, but Jeremiah Love is that good, man. Jeremiah Love is that freaking good. There's a reason that he doesn't have high rushing yards per game and good receiving production. It's not cuz he couldn't do it. And when you watch his film, you go, "This guy should have gotten the ball way more." If he was starting for Louisville or, you know, Louisiana Lafayette this year, he would have had 1500 rushing yards in college football. >> Well, let me ask you, Corey, if we plugged in a young rookie contract JK Dobbins into this exact situation, you could even argue he'd be a top three overall, top four overall pick. Now, obviously, people are like, "Well, JK Dobbins didn't really pan out." Guys, he was averaging six yards per carry despite only having seven receptions as a rookie. He was a top five dynasty running back after his rookie season. He was a guy going in the third round of

your drafts after his rookie season. Obviously, the unfortunate injuries that followed, we can't really predict. But Jarian Price, if he can become JK Dobbins without those significant injuries at the NFL level, I'm sure there will people be people bringing up his college injury. I mean, we're talking about the ceiling as a top five dynasty running back. We're talking about him potentially being a tier 2 running back option as soon as next year when we're doing your startups. >> Yeah. No, not not to mention my comp for him was Sony Michelle who also had degenerative knee issues. So, let's just wish health upon Jadarian Price, but we are comfortable taking him anywhere between if you needed a running back more than you needed a quarterback. I could see reasonably taking him over Mendoza. I wouldn't personally take him over Lemon, but if you're not not as high on Lemon as I am, I understand it. I would be comfortable taking him as high as 105 mainly, but if you wanted to

take him a little higher than that, I'd be cool with it. I just personally want to favor the better prospects a little bit more. So 106 is where he ranks for me in a vacuum, but 105 at the best case scenario. >> Yeah. And like I said, I have him in that tier. Uh team dependent, need dependent. The people that are saying he's not even an RB2 in Dynasty. He's not even a top 24 option. >> Cam Scataboo and Bashel 2 would have been the RB2 in this class. Like they would not have been capital. They would not have been. >> Like people just say whatever they want to say without Meritt. Like this is a top 15 dynasty running back and I felt like I was on an island here. >> Yeah. No, I have him right there with Quinn Sean Judkins and you Chase Brown. I have him over Trevian Henderson. I would rather have Jadarian Price than Trevian Henderson because Henderson right now. >> I'm the Henderson guy. Who projects for more touches this year? Who got the first round capital? I think Henderson

was probably the better prospect, but in terms of the film, it wasn't by much. Like I had an 845, I think, on Henderson, an 825 on Price. Like the the the bad prospect that Price has is solely based off the profile. Anybody who watched the tape realizes that this was a tough, physical, compact runner that had arguably the best instincts in this class. Like >> better than his own teammate. >> For somebody that didn't get the touches, holy crap, he was so developed. >> Well, yeah, he was a high-end uh recruit. He just got hurt at the beginning of his college career. But anyways, let's move into the next tier, which is again, >> let's be clear. >> The top six is what you want. If you have the 107, my condolences go out to you immediately because the top six is what you want. Hopefully Mai Lemon or Jadarian Price fall to you at 107 if you have that pick. This is the tier where people are going to have to make some decisions and then especially once we

get to the next tier that is another tier we're gonna have to make some decisions. Let's start this off very easily by saying maybe need comes into this. If you need a tight end, Kenyan Sadi might be your 107. If you need a quarterback, Tai Simpson might be your 107. You need a receiver, Casey Conpsion might be your 107 or Omar Cooper might be your 107. Start it off with Sadi, who's a guy that you're very excited about, obviously. >> Yeah. And honestly, this is another discrepancy we have. You said depending on what you need, you select that at 107. And you mentioned the fall off from 106. Now, I don't disagree with the fall off from 106. I have Sadiq in a tier of his own though. I do think if Sadi falls to your 107, 80 plus 90 plus% of circumstances, I'm just sitting and taking him there. Realistically, this is a guy that I had comped uh in terms of his grade very similarly to where I had Tyler Warren last year. He gets the top 20 draft capital and I am more

optimistic on the landing spot than a lot of people are like, yeah, sure, year one projection probably not going to work out for him. You have Garrett Wilson there. Obviously, we'll talk about his teammate with Omar Cooper selected later in the first round in a second. But when I'm projecting the situation moving forward, the Jets, they have the capital to get a quarterback next year. whether they have to trade up for one, whether they're a bad football team. Maybe you're in a position to draft an Arch Manning. You draft may I was going to say Dante Moore, but given what happened this year, probably not likely, but maybe a Julian Seyan has a big year. Maybe, you know, people have been high on like >> people steaming right now on X app. >> Like there are a lot of potential options that could emerge. I do think the Jets leave the 27 2027 class with the quarterback. And realistically, this is just me being extremely high on the situation long term. I do think the

opportunity is there for Sadiq to be the number two 1B in this offense. And you're just not going to find physical profiles like this. 439 speed, the ability to operate on all three levels of the field as a Yak player, as a contested catch player down the field. Whoever the next quarterback is, he is the safety blanket in my opinion in this offense. >> Yeah. So, I'll pull a little bit of cold water because this is definitely a you take an island. >> All of us on the site are relatively in the same range. We have them positionally tight end seven through nine. So, you know, amongst the likes of Tucker Craft and Sam Laaporta and Kyle Pittz, whereas you have him at five, which I'm assuming you have him over Harold Fannon at the very least. >> Uh, yeah. So, it's either him or Warren. Let me take a look. I think you're right, though. I think it's Fannon. >> Yeah, Fannon, I would imagine because Fannon, you know, they added two receivers. I kind of understand that to

some degree, but I do factor in a little bit that this is the New York Jets we're talking about. They haven't had a quarterback since 1967. Yes, they have the assets. Yes, they have the capital to get one, but this is still the New York Jets. And they did draft a receiver I like in Omar Cooper and they do have Garrett Wilson who I think is a dominant alpha target commander as he's shown his entire career. So, I do think that if you take Sadi, especially if you have an orphan, you have a million draft picks, be prepared that he might not have that great of a rookie season, be prepared that you might not see that that fantasy production that Coulson Lovelin and Tyler Ward and Brock Bowers of recent years have shown until year two, year three. >> I mean, Lovelin could be a good example, too. He started slow. I don't think he's the prospect caliber that Lovelin was. I thought Lovelin was nor the Bears were last year >> 100%. But at the same time, it kind of

goes back to what you said with Mai where the instant projection may not be there in year one, but it's trusting by my evaluation an elite tight end prospect and what I think is a better situation than the market kind of implies. So, um, yeah, I'm probably going to be on an island here, but realistically, if I'm in a startup right now, like we see on the site, 51.75 for Tyler Warren, ADP, 56.63 for Harold Fannon. Sadiq's all the way down at 77. And to me, at the very minimum, he should be in the tier with those guys. >> Yeah. Yeah. Again, if you're high on on Sadi, that's the highest you can pretty much take him is 107. Um, if you're a little lower on him, I think the lowest you can take him is probably 109, 110, especially in any kind of tight end premium. And we're talking from a half tight end premium frame of mind here. Um, Case Casey Conpsion is the next guy that we have kind of in our rankings. I have him as my 107, you have him as your 109. Um, Casey Conpsion on the site, you

can see consensus wise, we're talking about say a early to mid20s wide receiver give or take in terms of overall positional rankings. Um, I have him at where is he? He's actually at 30 for me, but he's at 24 as the highest end for the domain guys. In the prospect model, Casey Conpsion is very clearly the wide receiver for in the class. He does have very good production as we talked about. We did a whole video on these guys as prospects that is linked in the description if you want more information about their game. But essentially, nobody in this class per reception perception beat man, zone, press, and um uh double coverage at a better rate than KC. He was top three across the board in all of those. My confirm was Chris Olive. I think if you drop, think about the rookie that Chris Ave was. You drop a rookie year Chris Olive into the Cleveland Browns, is he going to be the leading receiver on that team? And I think the answer is probably yes. And that's kind of why I don't

think you're outraged to say that you would take Sadique over Fannon now because they added, you know, KC who I think is a very good target commanding receiver. They still have Jerry Judy, they added Denzel Boston, who we'll talk about in a second. But, uh, Conpsion to me, if I had to bet on one guy like leading this team in targets this year, I would actually pick him over Fannon. >> Yeah, I think the way I would describe the split like in terms of obviously we'll talk about his teammate who they selected later on with Denzel Boston, Harold Fannon obviously productive rookie year, KC being the highest capital player of that trio. The way I'd kind of allocate like let's just say it's a 100% pie of who I think is going to be the long-term one. I think I would probably go somewhere along the lines of 50 for KC, 35 for Fannon, 15 for Boston. I think that's probably about a fair allocation. >> Yeah, mine would be like 60 35 >> 10 or so like that math doesn't go

together, but like I think it's very unlikely that it's Boston. >> Yeah, fair. I'm I'm just saying in terms of the role like I could see ex wide receiver maybe the next quarterback they have more of an outside the numbers type of guy like if they got Arch Manning I think Denzel Boston value would go up >> and again to pour a little bit of cold water on they'll figure out quarterback it's still the Cleveland Browns they've never had a quarterback in their history of their franchise but um I do think that you know if we feel good about KC if we feel good about Boston if we feel good about Fannon well then maybe this team is just better than we think and maybe they get they can a free agent quarterback as well they don't have to draft a quarterback back. Maybe Kyler Murray hits the mark and they pay him big money or something. >> They arguably had the best draft in the NFL. Like you that's that's the other thing too. It's like realistically a vet

quarterback comes next year. Maybe they add one more offensive lineman. Then all of a sudden it's like you drafted FO, you drafted two wide receivers, you have Harold Fannon, you have Todd Monkin who I mean we literally just saw Lamar Jackson win the MVP in 2024. Now I don't think that the Browns are going to acquire a Lamar Jackson level quarterback, but I do think Monkin system fits too. So realistically, when I'm looking at Casey Conpsion, he's got the talent and even though the situation isn't there, he's the he's got the opportunity to be the one. >> Yeah. No, exactly. Um, we can probably go into Tai Simpson here who >> very simple. You're he's if you like him, he's beachfront real estate. He's not going to lose any value because until he gets on the field is when he's susceptible to losing value cuz everybody understands going in that the reigning MVP that just is ahead of him on the depth chart is not going to allow him to play games until he retires or

gets injured. So Tai Simpson basically can't go down in value for as long as you have him. He's still going to be worth about let's say a late projected one give or take. Uh maybe in this class that's not saying much, but generally speaking, you're getting a guy who is gonna potentially be coached by Shawn McVey. I know there's a little bit of like rift, oh, he didn't want him and he was upset on draft night. Regardless, they spent the pick. It was top 15 draft capital. Hopefully by year two, he can see the field, but it could be a Jordan Love situation where it's year three or year four because Stafford, it's not like he's playing any worse any anytime soon. Like, he's playing out of his absolute freaking gourd right now. So, um, Tai Simpson might have a long wait before he can actually start games. That's the only concern that you have for him really. >> I mean, who who knows? Maybe beneath the scenes, like Stafford made a deal with

the devil like, "Hey, like, let me win an MVP next or this year and then take my back next off seasonason." Like, who knows? And obviously, I'm being facitious there, but you mentioned the love comp, the similar comp too that people are going to throw on. Again, keep in mind this was after Cousins had an Achilles injury. He was nowhere near at the level that Stafford played next uh this past year. But similar to like Michael Penn, I would say like I viewed Simpson versus Penn, very similar prospects. Both go, you know, similar range of the draft. Pennix at eight, Simpson at 13. Like I think that's another comp that you can have. And unfortunately for Penn, it's like he hasn't really worked out. But the sell high window that you had coming into the year, like what was his value on the open market? Quarterback 15. >> Oh yeah. Yeah. Know people really liked Michael Penn. Every time I talked about him in Dynasty Trade targets by position being a guy that you know I didn't like

at all at his price tag. Everyone said I was nuts. >> Yeah. Everybody said, "Oh, you're a hater. Classic Bucks fan." And sure enough, uh, who who won that take at the end of the day. >> Yeah. I mean, we we'll see what happens. His career is not over yet, but he definitely lost a lot of value after that. Um, Tai Simpson. Um, as you can see here, these are like the comps that he has. >> Kenny Picket, Paxton Lynch, Drew Lock, Jordan Love. Jordan Love obviously the big hit there. And again, you could argue this is very similar situation. He's going to have time to learn. He's going to have time to marinate. All that kind of stuff. But Jordan Love was also a higher ceiling player. Like he had better tools, better arm, more mobility, that kind of thing. I I do think this does kind of scream like, hey, this is kind of like every good coach has made a big whiff at quarterback. Kyle Shanahan took Trey Lance. Kevin Oonnell took JJ McCarthy. Not over yet, but doesn't look

good so far. This might be Shawn McVey, and it might not have actually been him that actually ultimately made the call to go with this because people have said Jordan Rodriguez is very close to the team. This was a little bit of a hubistic pick by uh less neat. He thinks that this guy can be a stud quarterback and he might end up >> Well, you know why it is, right? >> What's that? >> Apparently, he's like good friends with his dad like his dad, >> which is if he got a Nepo pick that's not good. We don't want neo quarterbacks here. I would say just as a general rule, you should avoid Tai Simpson or fade Ty Simpson in draft. But at a certain point, 109 110 class isn't good enough for you not to take the swing on him at that point. Goes to show you when the GM is friends with your dad, you go at 13th overall. When your dad works in the NFL, you go in the seventh round. Remember that. >> That was Garrett Nusmire going to the Chiefs in the seventh round. But uh

yeah, let's move on to Omar Cooper Jr. who is like the the last true like top 10 overall rookie pick guy that's going to be consensus across the board. Basically, these are going to be the 10 players, I would imagine, for 99% of people. Omar Cooper Jr. very productive on a uh you know a per catch basis, but not so much on a long-term four-year career. Did he ever have a thousand yards? No. Did he ever have you know the number one receiver job? No. But he does go to the New York Jets, which I do think is actually a pretty good landing spot for his skill set because if they run um you know that type of offense that they ran in Detroit with Aaron Glenn and whatnot, then you could use Omar Cooper interchangeably at the Z in the slot, etc. I worry for Cooper that um this is how I think it's going to go for both the Jets and the Browns who took two high-end prospects in this year's class. I think that there's going to be a clear right answer. Should you have been taking Sadiq or should you

have been taking Cooper? Should you have been taking Conpsion or should you have been taking Boston? My gut tells me that it's probably Sadiq and Conpsion that are the two right answers ultimately that come out of this. And that could mean Omar Cooper disappoints. But to your point on Kenyon Sadi, what if they do add a big time quarterback in 2027 and you know suddenly the number three receiver or the number two target, the number two receiver for the Jets doesn't seem like such a insult anymore. >> Well, obviously this is like a picturesque situation. Like is it going to happen like this? We'll see. But the 49ers were not a very high pass attempt offense. So even if you said they could be an 80% of the talent 49ers but with 130% of the passing volume that could make sense. Sadi maybe he can operate as your kidd Brandon Iayuk versus Garrett Wilson probably some obviously people now with Brandon Iuk just completely hate him but at his apex kind of similar type of archetype and then Omar Cooper

Jr. being your Debo Samuel. Like you can tell with how the Jets orchestrated this off seasonason. They're like, "We just want to insert a quarterback. We want to hit our on our Brock party because we want to recreate with the Niners because on top of that, man, they have top five, top eight offensive line in the league now." >> Yeah. No, and if you if you go to the prospect model and you kind of sort for guys who went in that like late first, early second round range, you do see Omar Cooper stack up very well with the likes of Hollywood Brown and Jordan Addison and Brian Thomas Jr. and Quinton Johnston and like Matthew Golden, Brandon Iayuk's a Flowers types. That's kind of the caliber of prospect we're talking here. Yeah. DJ Moore, David, those types of guys. So that gives you an idea of like the caliber of prospect we're talking. But it is important to remember that >> right now in the early short term, it's possible that he could fluctuate in

value just a little bit because of the Jets offense, because of the target competition that he has. So that's that's why people keep saying this class sucks. we got horrible run out for all this cuz all of us would have preferred Omar Cooper to be a San Francisco 49er or a Buffalo Bill or a New England Patriot or some of those teams that could have drafted him instead. >> The 49ers are obsessed with looking smarter than everybody instead of sticking and picking Omar Cooper Jr. at I believe 27 overall they had they said, "Ah, we're going to trade down. We're going to get extra capital and we're going to take a three round worse receiver with Deshawn Stribbling." >> It's not even just them. It's their whole coaching brain trusts because James Gladstone and Jacksonville who came from the Rams and the 49ers scheme and system or whatever did the exact same [ __ ] So I guess these guys just want to look smarter than everyone like you said. So

>> please tell me you saw the it was Grant Con I believe he asked John Lynch on the mic. He's like uh I I noticed year to year you guys don't really follow consensus like can you uh elaborate on why you guys draft like just based off your own board is basically what he said. And like John Lynch is like, "Well, we have a consensus amongst the room." Like you could tell with certainty that those 49ers like heads of decisions freaking hate Grant Con. >> Yeah. No, they definitely don't like him. Um, let's talk about Jonah Coleman. Now, having him in this tier is a very very hot take, I would imagine. >> Put the general on. I want to see that versus the FS or the site. >> Yeah. So, I mean, we're we have him RB23 and RB 24 positionally. For some reason, not everybody has him in their overall rankings, but we're generally like pretty high on him relative to consensus. Sam, he's right there with with uh with the two of us. >> Again, Jonah Coleman in our prospect

model is basically and not not basically, he is the second best prospect to ever be selected on day three. Cam Scataboo being the highest, Belle Tutin being the third highest. And before if he had gone in the third round, his best comparable player would be Alvin Chimera. And ironically, he goes to the team and the coach that made Alvin Chimera what he was. So, Denver, they have R.J. Harvey, they have JK Dobbins. In the short term, Jonah Coleman's going to have to prove himself. But betting on a prospect of this nature is something that I want to do because this is a player that was my 107 going into the into the rookie draft before the NFL draft. That's how good of a prospect he was from pure FSE grade alone. We're talking about a guy that should have been basically way ahead of Jadarian Price as far as um him RB2 versus Jedarian Price RB2. And that was with you inherently knowing that he probably wouldn't be a top 50 pick, probably wouldn't be a top 75 pick. Like

>> that was with like 90th projected draft capital, like barely sneaks into the third round type of draft capital. Like when I show where he is in the prospect model, you see Scataboo here, you see Caleb Johnson there. So those are obviously like, you know, that's the floor ceiling kind of situation. He can be Scataboo on the best case, Caleb Johnson on the worst case. But like it's not that far off from like Judkins last year. It's not that far off from Trebon Henderson last year. And you could see other like previous years second round running backs like Cam Acres and Antonio Gibson and you know Devon Han Montgomery like he's above those guys. >> So sort of by pick 50 or later draft capital. I'm curious. >> Yeah. If we go pick 53 or later here you could see that he's like the sixth best prospect that we've seen. And Alvin Chimera is number one which I think is a pretty good gauge for that. Like JK Dobbins just outside of the top 50 as well. Like Jonah's an exceptionally good

prospect in a class like this. This is going to be my opinion on this class in general. You're going to hear this all the next couple of weeks when we're talking about this class. I am going to rely on what I thought of these guys as prospects. I'm going to rely on our prospect model and and because this situation is bad. Like they all got bad landing spots, bad capital, all that kind of stuff. >> I think ultimately when you look back on previous draft classes, which I'm going to do later this week, you could see that the best picks on the board usually were just the best prospects. People who get too overinvested in landing spot and draft capital end up picking a Deshawn Stribbling over a guy like this when they shouldn't have even been in the same breath of fresh air uh when the pre-draft process was going on. >> So Corey, he went eighth overall pick at the fourth round. Jenna Coleman. >> Yeah, >> in theory you hear that and be like, "Oh

wow, that was so [ __ ] late." Who's the RB4 off the board? And that was just because the 49ers thought that Caleb Black could, you know, be a good [ __ ] kick kick team player, I'm assuming. >> Yeah, they have taken him in the third round. >> Like realistically RB4 off the board. Yeah. 408 or eighth overall pick in the fourth. Not what you wanted to see. You mentioned in terms of the prospect model pointing the Chimera comp and I actually liken him to a former Peyton teammate of Alvin Chimera with Mark Ingram. Like he can be the Mark Ingram of this offense. You have Harvey for space touches. You have JK Dobbins, especially for like weeks one to five probably as the lead ball carrier. Why can't Jonah Coleman by week eight, week nine, week 10, be that between the tackles thumper, threaten for eight to 10 touchdowns on the year, be the main goal line, third and one, you know, fourth and inches type of guy. But he's also a phenomenal pass blocker. You don't think if Harvey gets lit up in

[ __ ] pass blocking. JK Dobbins, maybe he's unavailable, that Jonah Coleman wouldn't steal snaps in third down in pass game situations ahead of R.J. Harvey just because R.J. Harvey is dynamic and he's got that space skill set. The end of the day, we need to play some grown man football. You need to sit in there and protect Bo Knicks. We heard the combine quote come out of Jonah Coleman. He knows and he understands that quarterback's making a whole lot of money and you don't think the coaching staff's going to take notice of that. >> Yeah, I just I honestly expect him to go to training camp and just prove that he's the best back on that team. Agree. what I expect to happen because it doesn't matter where you were drafted. I'm sure Seawn Payeyton doesn't give two shits where he was drafted. He's the best running back on the team. He's going to play him as a starter. >> Yeah. I mean, Scataboo literally did it. Like we went into the season like Tracy

had a very good rookie season. Tyrone Tracy, again, that was one of my biggest [ __ ] downfalls of 2025 baseball is oh my god. Like I I'm taking Tracy over Scataboo, not thinking twice. I got [ __ ] bailed out because Scataboo had the game the season ending injury. Like hopefully Coleman can stay healthy, but I'm not making that mistake again. >> Yeah. No, definitely. So, this is where it hits the fan. [ __ ] hits the fan here because >> after these guys, to me, this is the clear top 11. Maybe top >> trade up if you can. >> Yeah, trade up if you can. Trade back if you can. That's going to be an underrated thing, too. Pick up a couple of extra picks because consensus is going to vary here. These are the guys that we have as the early to midsec rounders. I guarantee you >> on the site alone, you could watch all of our tier list videos and they're going to have some different names here. like this year more than any other is a get your guy year. It's a draft with

conviction, trade back to collect more picks, more bites at the apple. But ultimately, we know in the second round of rookie drafts, there's going to be three, four, five right answers. So, I'm trying to find those right answers. And like I said, I'm going to rely on who they were as prospects to try and get me there. Denzel Boston gets a [ __ ] landing spot. He got the crap end of the stick. He's the second receiver off the board to the same Cleveland Browns organization that doesn't have a quarterback in the short term. But ultimately, Denzel Boston is right there with Casey Conpsion and Omar Cooper as far as his prospect model grade. So, even though the situation looks murky, even though we don't love the landing spot, we would have rather him gone to the 49ers at 33. Would have rather the Bills taking him. Would have rather the Falcons taking him or a team that had more targets available. the Cleveland Browns took him and long term I do think that there's some upside that like you

said they add a quarterback they attract a veteran quarterback something like that Denzel Boston by sheer draft capital and prospect caliber alone probably has to be a top 12 rookie pick. >> Yeah and it doesn't show there but in terms of where Denzel Boston ranks for me is like a top 45 40-ish level dynasty receiver about that range. >> Yeah, we all have them 45 to 50 pretty much. Um the people that it's showing for whatever reason. Um, but yeah, Denzel like Sutton and Mcccluren and guys like that. >> Yeah. Again, do we feel great about him right now? No. But are we just going to invest in a prospect that we think is pretty good? Again, I said this about the Jets and Browns in the wide receivers to target and avoid. Well, if they drafted two good receivers or two good receiving talents in the Jets case, might their offense just get a lot better? Like that's kind of my take on Denzel Boston. If he if he's good and he's their third best option, that means

their offense is going to be good. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I actually, it's funny cuz we uh by the time you guys are seeing this video come out, uh Mason orchestrated a Flock League rookie mock that we did and one of the picks that I made was Denzel Boss and I was picking at the 2011. You just sniped Jonah Coleman away from me. So, I'm like, ah, [ __ ] Feel like I I address it in the video. I'm like, ah, I feel like there's a little bit of tear gap here, but at the end of the day here, top 40 Capital, top seven or eight consensus wide receiver basically by everybody, including ourselves. And even though it's in like like we don't know exactly what it's going to look like, there's three guys that can command targets. Like we said with Casey, like we said with Harold Fannon, even though if we view it more of a less of an opportunity for Denzel Boston to be the one, the fact that he has the opportunity to be the one should be valued in its own right because the situation is going to

be better should be valued in its own right. So even though it's not sexy, it's almost like, oh [ __ ] would you take Michael Pitman Jr. in this class at this spot? like you don't feel the greatest about that, but if he develops anywhere close to Michael Pitman Jr., you're [ __ ] laughing in this class. >> Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Let's keep it going here so we don't go too long. We got Eli Stoers who goes second round to the Philadelphia Eagles. I believe he was a second tight end off the board or was somebody taken before him? I can't remember off the top of my head. >> I can take a look real quick. Borcher might have been lowkey. >> If that was the case, he was pretty insane. >> So, Stoers went 22nd pick of the second round. Borcher went 24th pick of the second round. So, >> okay. Oh, second pick of the sec second tight end off the board. Eli Stores goes to the um to the Philadelphia Eagles who obviously have Dallas Goddard. Dallas

Goddard on a short-term deal. Basically was left out to dry in free agency and the Eagles are like, "Sure, I guess we'll bring you back on a short-term deal." So, not a lot of team commitment out of Dallas Goddard. Again, similar to what I said with Lemon, it's a very short-term concern. >> Yeah. >> By mid-season, wouldn't shock me if Eli Stores is the starting tight end for this team. We had prospect concerns which you guys can learn all about if you go back to the other video. But the the nuts and bolts of it was he's not really ready to play in line yet. So maybe this is a good thing. At least that's the way I'm looking at it. Maybe this is a good thing that he gets to learn behind Dallas a little bit. Gets to marinate a little bit and can develop eventually into a top three target for this team which right now doesn't seem like a great thing because they don't have a lot of volume and Jaylen Herz isn't the greatest quarterback. But

things change quickly in the NFL. As I said with Lemon, >> it's just a weirdly constructed group because ultimately when I'm looking at this Eagles offense, you can make the case that all three of their wide receivers are best in the slot. Now, obviously, Dvonte Spence is going to play the majority of the outside routes, he is the best on the outside, but you can make the case, especially with how, you know, we saw when Kell Moore had him, how he was moving him into the slot, moving across the formation, like Devonte Smith, Mai Lemon, and Eli Stoers are all best utilized in the slot. The question I have for Eli Stoers is not only the congested receiving target hierarchy because unlike Cleveland, unlike New York, I would be absolutely stunned if he was anything other than at best the three on this offense. So I guess that's my question is if it's a low passing volume offense, if he struggles in line, if the big slot role is kind of taken up by their top two wide receivers who are just flat out

better at it than Stowers, where exactly is the fit? Like I I trust the receiving ability, but is this an Isaiah likely situation? That's the risk that I have here. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I mean, when you look at tight ends drafted basically pick 50 or later or so, he's like the sixth best option right there with like Mark Andrews and Harold Fannon, Tucker Craft and those guys, like he was a sick prospect. So, that's kind of again, >> as I've said throughout this video, I'm just going to rely on the caliber of prospect that he was. >> Yeah. And I think that's totally valid. Um, so when we're looking at our rankings, like you said, um, when I look through the rookies, obviously I have them at 18, you have them at 12. For me, I do view him more in line with all the other tight ends that kind of went in this range. We'll talk about in a second. Whereas, you kind of view him as, you know, standalone, he's the clear number two option.

>> Yeah, that's definitely how I view I view him right there with like, let's say, Isaiah likely and Daltton Concaid and those guys as far as overall tight end dynasty rankings where the other guys are a little bit further down the board for me there. Uh, let's keep it going here with Elijah Serat who again was a prospect that I absolutely loved. one of the best day three wide receiver prospects that we've seen in a while. And the the buzzword of the year has been power slot for Elijah Sarat. If he gets to be used in a power slot role, look out because this guy could be Keenan Allen or Amra St. Brown. Legitimately, I actually do think he has that kind of upside. And the Ravens, it was the first damn thing out of their mouth when they drafted him. So, I am very excited for Elijah Serat. Again, I'm willing to like quote unquote reach on fourth round draft capital for a prospect that was productive everywhere he went in college and never played a big slot role by the way in college. He

was always an ex receiver. And if he gets moved into a big slot role the way that Rashi Rice was, who was always an ex receiver at SMU, we could be talking about a very productive chain moving PPR stud for Lamar Jackson. >> I think it's also just a more natural fit for this offense. Like especially knowing that Andrews just isn't remotely the same player at this point. for Lamar too. >> Like you you just need an overthe-middle safety secure target for uh for Lamar Jackson. So Bayon you can play on the outside. Save Flowers again more more of like a small player but I do think in terms of his release package in terms of his fluidity he can play on the outside and I do think just having three wide receivers that can shift in and out makes it so that Serat will probably play a lot more big slot than we saw in college. >> Yeah. And if you look at the prospect model, these are the receivers that have gone day three. Tyler Johnson had attitude concerns which is why he slid.

So if you discount the attitude concerns of Tyler Johnson, he's basically the best day three receiver that's ever gone. You could see Aman Rosra St. Brown right up in there in that list. You could see uh like guys that have been productive like a DD Westbrook, a Khalil Shakir. Further down the list, you see obviously the the golden name of Puka Nua. So for me, I just I this is a day three receiver I want to bet on. A guy that was productive his entire career who has in my opinion really good landing spot. I just wish he had gone uh you know earlier in the draft. And also too, like I look at, okay, Jacobe Lane going there kind of sucks, but Jacobe Lane's an X receiver. Like if anything, he's going to open things up for Elijah Serat. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Um I'm looking at the situation. A lot of these players that can potentially go in this range have a lot of concerns, but Sarat was a top seven wide receiver, top eight wide receiver in both of our rankings. And we

do like the landing spot. At the end of the day, the only thing that you can really be concerned about is the draft capital. But when he's playing for an MVP quarterback and he has a role crystal clear for him on the depth chart, it's pretty damn exciting. Cuz the other thing we didn't mention too, again, we'll talk about his selected teammate as well. But Jacobe Lane is the type of wide receiver that opens up a lot for the other wide receivers in his offense. I can tell you that. Just look at Mai Lemon. >> Yeah. No, exactly. So, Serat power slot, man. Again, when you can combine he was a good prospect with he got a good landing spot, those are the types of players you should be taking in this territory because there's going to be something wrong with everybody based on what happened in this draft. Someone's not going to have the capital. Someone's not going to have the landing spot. Take the guys who were good prospects with good landing spots. And speaking of

that, Chris Bell fits the description as well. Chris Bell not an exceptional prospect by any means, but did have a lot of really redeeming qualities. Big, physical, tough, great yards after catch player, exceptional athlete. But I promise you he would have been 9.5 score and I mean wide open depth chart in Miami where they have other than their running back Devon Achan nobody who's an NFL starter on any other roster like legitimately like they took Caleb Douglas at 75th overall who was like a 200th consensus big board player. So, the receiver they drafted ahead of Chris Bells well for Chris Bell because if that's their competition for him, that means he's going to come out there probably as soon as he's healthy, whenever that is, because he's coming off an ACL tear and command targets right away. So, Chris Bell, is he going to be the long-term number one of this team? I think he'd be better suited to be a number two, but their number one receiver is probably in next year's

draft. >> Yeah, I agree. You get a number one next year. Could he be, you know, what we thought that Legette could be? Like, we were high on Leg. He was a top 10 wide receiver for us in this class or in his class. He obviously didn't pan out in terms of the mental stuff. We'll see if that h happens with Chris Bell because again a 21-year-old player who has all the athleticism again at least before the injury. If he can just figure it out, man, like we've seen how many times people posting on social media. You don't see 6'1, 220 pounds moving like this and then they're going to tweet a video of that touchdown he scored against Miami. >> Yeah. No. And a Miami defense that my Buccaneers drafted two of the great players from. very good players. Was a very good defense. >> Yes. And he uh was the clear best athlete on the field at times. >> Yeah. No, exactly. Um let's keep it rolling here with the two Penn State guys. The disappointing Penn State guys

who were absolutely awesome high school prospects came in early. >> Yeah, Mason's all in on Drew Aller. Man, I am all in on Drewer as well. And it's kind of pissing me off that Mason's got him higher than me. Drewer, I tweeted before the draft, like two days before the draft. I'm like the absolute best place he can go is Pittsburgh. And the reason I thought that was because A, they have a quarterback developer in Mike McCarthy. B, Mike McCarthy developed Aaron Rogers when he was a young quarterback who also needed a mechanical overhaul. If you guys look at a Cal highlight of Aaron Rogers, look how he threw the ball. He needed a mechanical overhaul just like Geral, but everybody recognized who loved Aaron Rogers and why he slipped all the way to the 24th pick. If he he goes first overall, guaranteed if he had the mechanics down. And if they can develop Geraler's mechanics, he will be a top five quarterback in the NFL. That is my hot take on Deral. He will be a

legitimate franchise quarterback. And could it happen? Could it not happen? All I know for sure is everyone and their mother keeps saying how much this class sucks. Guess what? We're going to look back three to four years from now. There's going to be a clear right answer in the second round. And if that right answer is Drew Aller, he will be the most valuable asset by far to come out of the second round. >> Yeah, I understand the value of cruel upside, which is why I have him uh relatively, you know, similarly ranked. I don't have him quite where you do, but I do have him. Um, where do I have him? Sorry. I have Drew Aller as a top 24 option. He's at 22 for me. So, um, I see it, but at the same time, like you're a lot more certain it's going to happen. I think maybe there's a 5 to 10% chance of happening. Sounds like you're more on the board with like a 25 to 30%. >> Yeah, that's kind of where I'm at with it cuz I do expect Aaron Rogers to be

there this year. I'm not expecting all to really see the field unless Aaron Rogers gets hurt. Um, but I do think that going into 2027, that's when they're going to be willing to give Aller a chance because I don't think Aaron Rogers will come back after this year, even if and and there's also a chance that he doesn't come back at all. Like maybe they like Will Howard enough to roll with him and Derer and who may the best man win in training camp. Like we don't know Aaron Rogers's plans right now. And that's baked in to the price tag that you're getting at the moment. There's a 5 10% chance that Aaron Rogers doesn't come back. So that's another thing that I'm also factoring in with Geral. Even if he is back, I expect him to be uh, you know, a good guy for all to learn from. I'm not saying Aaron Rogers going to coach him up or anything. That's for Mike McCarthy and the coaching staff to do. But for all to sit back with a notepad and follow Aaron

Rogers around and watch his every move, that's what I would be doing if I was in his situation. Also hilarious. If you watch Geraler get drafted, his whole family look bummed out. I couldn't figure it out. Couldn't figure out 20 years ticket holders of the Cleveland Browns. >> He didn't even want to put on the Steelers hat. Did you see it? >> Yeah, I did. >> He was like fumbling with it in his hands. He was like debating. He's like, "I got drafted here, but like I don't like this team like as a fan. So like, do I put this hat on?" And like obviously I I believe he ended up putting the hat on cuz it's like >> Yeah. No. And that's not an attitude thing. I just think you would be pissed if you got drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles. >> Oh buddy, if if I was the Eagles pick, I would be like I don't even know what I would do on the camera. But all jokes aside, like obviously you're going to be playful with it, but it's a blessing to

even get to the NFL. So you're going to drop that fanhood pretty quick. Like we've seen even for example in the NFL, uh Micah is literally still said he's a Cowboys fan after the Cowboys trading him away. Traded him away. Like >> he was a Cowboys fan when they drafted him, right? >> He was a Cowboys fan when they drafted him. His brother's been a Cowboys fan throughout his life. His brother's still rooting for the Cowboys when Micah got traded. And Micah literally said on the record like, "Oh yeah, I'm still a fan of them. I still like seeing them do well even though I'm not on the team anymore." It's like the end of the day, like these players, it's almost like a dissociation between what their job is versus what they do in their free time. And like hell, if uh obviously you're going to root for your own team, but that fanhood doesn't just die because you get drafted. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Um let's talk about

another Penn State player, Nicholas Singleton. Now, I'm pretty aggressive on Nick Singleton here. >> This is carried up by your ranking for >> It's carried up by my ranking. I have him as like my 15th overall player in in rookie drafts. And my philosophy is going to take guys who have high prospect profiles. And Nick Singleton at one point or another was thought to be a potential 101 in his respective rookie class. That's how good of a freshman season this guy had. And also too, I tweeted this out. I got a bunch of traction in back-to-back seasons. Brian Dable has started a day three running back. Cam Scatteroo this year or this past year before he got injured. Tyrone Tracy the year before that. So for me, I look at a coach who's not worried about, you know, draft capital. He'll start the best player. Tony Pard and Taj Spears don't scare me one bit if Nicholas Singleton can make the transition into the NFL quickly. Now, for Singleton, as we noted in his video breakdown in the

draft guide, it's a lot of mental stuff for him. He needs to figure out the the speed of the game processing vision, uh, vision, footwork, and stuff like that. Sometimes though, you get a prospect like Bucky Irving, like Brian Thomas Jr., who had some issues in college, who figured out in one training camp. And if Nicholas Singleton can figure it out in one training camp, look out. this guy will be a top 10 dynasty running back. >> Very well could be. Obviously, there are a lot of concerns with film like we we talked about when we did the film review you guys can find over on flockfantasy.com. Like the mental lapses, the you're 220 lbs, but you're running like you're 185 sometimes. Like that was definitely something that I didn't really enjoy. But at the same time, like you can't take you can't teach the height, the weight, the speed, the receiving ability. Do I have question marks in terms of the immediate translation? Like I think right now Tony Paul and Taj Spears are NFL running

backs. They're probably going to take you know at least 85% 90% of the initial work. >> Yeah, for the first month of the season for sure. >> I would probably put it more like a month and a half, two months. But at the same time, if that point the Titans are out of the midst, what do you have to lose seeing what the rookie running back gives you? >> And again, I think there's the upside that he can put it together sooner than that. Not to mention too, he's a dual handcuff in this situation because he has the receiving skill set to take over Taj Spears' workload who never can stay on the field is always and Tony Pard is like almost 30 years old as well. So like this to me is just such a great situation for Singleton longterm if if he can become the starting running back and I literally tweeted this out uh yesterday. He's the next Chase Brown. He's the next Chase Brown. He has a receiving skill set, a a dominant athlete. We never got to see him test

because he hurt his foot at the Senior Bowl, but a dominant athlete, a receiving skill set, who was really good in college, who had a lot of production, and we're just going to throw this guy away. We're going to take uh, you know, Antonio Williams over him. Like, no [ __ ] way, dude. No way. >> Um, yeah, I I have Antonio Williams a couple spots higher, but fair. >> Yeah, I'm taking the upsides, man. I'm taking the upside swings. I'm going Chris Bell, Elijah Surat, Drew Aller, Nick Singleton, all the upside swings. Give me all the upside in the early second round because, as everyone has said, the early second round this year sucks. Well, that's why I'm a little bit confused at this first guy here that you don't have him higher. Your Tampa Bay Buccaneer, Ted Hurst, a guy that we both had as a top 10 wide receiver on the class. And even though you can look at the Tampa Bay situation and think, well, achuka what he did last year. Well, they resigned Kate Uton. Well, Jaylen

McMillan, you know, he's been productive in stretches, they don't have an ex wide receiver. You guys don't have an ex wide receiver. If Ted Hurst can be somewhere between, I mean, don't get at me in the comments, but can he be 80% of George Pickkins? Can he get to Michael Gallop type of level? Like I think the talent is there. You guys clearly do as well, which is why you spent the top 100 pick on him. And you guys just have a way of developing these young wide receivers, man. >> Look at where I have him relative to the other experts on the site. I got him wide receiver 48 in dynasty, man. Like I'm right there. Trust me, I I'm there. I just my concern. So the difference between Ted Hurst, for example, who does have a high upside case and why he's a tier one. >> Look at the guys that I said are high upside players. What do these five guys have in common that Ted Hurst does not have in common? >> Big school. >> Big school. Not only that, but a lot of

production. Stowers, Sat Bell, Aller, Singleton. Multiple years of production. So, I think that the the translatability of those players will happen sooner, which is why I like them a little bit better because in Dynasty, we know we're very reactive, man. There's going to be guys like we'll do rookie rankings again in July, and they're going to change a ton based on what is happening in training camp, based on what is happening in OTAAS, who's getting the buzz, that kind of thing. Things happen quickly in Dynasty. So, I like betting and I think it's been a profitable strategy the last couple of years on guys that can get out to quick starts. I think sometimes betting on projects it can they can sour on the Dynasty market before they get better. >> You want to hear my I think he's a top three what receiving target on your team by week seven. >> Maybe maybe he is. I to answer your question who's going to play X? Well, the answer is all three Godwin Ibuka and

McMillan are capable of playing X. >> Yeah. And again, I >> work depending on the play. >> And again, I I respect it, but I think like long term, like the vision was, okay, he could be our mic replacement. >> And I'm not taking that lightly, man. Like, this is >> of course that's what I want to happen as a fan of the team. But I do think there's going to be a very steep learning curve ahead of Ted Hurst. That's my my concern with why I can't rank him higher. >> Trust me, it's far more pro- Hurst. He was my wide receiver in the class. Kind of what you said about Serat where it's like, oh, you do have guys in that room, but you just trust the talent to figure it out. Like trusting the talent to figure it out with Ted Hurst, man. like you don't you don't see these physical profiles emerge like this and the fact of the matter is if he did play at a power four school probably a top 30 to 50 pick yeah he's like a much better

version of what Tory Horton was last year essentially where it's like better draft capital better landing I mean landing spots's basically the same but better draft capital a little bit more production a little bit more refined as far as his last two seasons are concerned yeah Ted Hurst definitely a great option >> this this range whoever you want take whoever you want at 10 at 203 or whatever you're picking at also As I mentioned earlier, I'm going to repeat it again. If you pick 204 and you don't have a lot of conviction about who you're picking, somebody offers you 207 plus 210 to move down, get two bites at the apple and do it again because you might get Aller, Singleton, Bell, Sat, some of the guys I have ranked at that area at the 207 or 210 anyways. Yeah. The way I would describe this year is you don't want to be picking between 12 or 13 and like 17 or 18. You don't want to be picking in that early second round. You want either as many bites as

the apple at the apple or if you can take your 112 this year, throw on your 20272 or throw on, you know, another pick in the second round of this year's class. If you can get in the top 10 just based off that, I would almost be willing to give up the 112 plus a second rounder to make sure I get into the top 10 picks >> or to make sure you get a se a first next year as well. Yes, a lot of people are going to talk about as well. >> I feel like nobody's offering first next year and if you can take them. Yeah, but you know what? We're in sharp leagues. In casual leagues, people don't know. >> Fair. >> Um, Jeremy Bernard, >> he's the opposite of most of the guys we just talked about. He's >> He's the reliable guy. He's the vanilla ice cream. Exactly. So, this is a guy that you feel comfortable will probably be a productive NFL receiver. Think of in 2023 if you were deciding between Josh DS and Jonathan Mingo. Jonathan Mingo was the higher upside option in

theory, but Josh DS you felt was was going to be a good NFL wide receiver. And Bernard doesn't really play exactly like Josh Downs, but the skill set is is similar. He's going to be an overthe- middle target, yards after catch player. There's some upside for sure. He's a good athlete. He's big. He's got um you know, an open depth chart long-term, short-term. He's a little crowded with Michael Pitman and DK Mechaf there, but longterm I feel like he can be a very productive receiver. But again, what is the third receiver on the Pittsburgh Steelers going to look like year 1 to2 from a production standpoint? The answer is probably not a ton of production and probably not a lot of value accumulation. If he's dynasty wide receiver 40 50ish right now, like we have I'm 52 anywhere between 50 and 60, he'll probably stay there for the next two years, but I don't anticipate him being dynasty wide receiver 20 next time this time next year. >> Not a huge ceiling here. Like you're

getting on base. It's like the Steelers are hoping they hit a single or a double realistically. You're potentially refilling that Pitman role after the year over the middle type of option. Uh assuming that they would move on like you don't draft Jeremy Bernard unless you're probably planning on moving on from Pitman after the year. Like to me them after they traded for him. >> Well, he's got an out after the extension year if I'm not mistaken. Let me take a look at the exact confines of the contract cuz I obviously don't want to spew anything without uh >> Yeah, like I said, I think year 1 to two, you're probably looking at a guy that is more of the number three receiver, but year three and beyond, maybe he can be the one or two. >> So, he's on a one-year $9 million year this uh deal this year. >> Um he has a potential out after the year. So, he would they would pay him $24 million flat. they would incur 15 million in dead cap, but they would get

out of having to pay him 52 million across the next two years when he's 30 and 31 years old. So like that could be something they say like say for example this year Pitman and Bernard like by the end of the year are splitting time or Pitman's not really looking like his prime colt self. The Steelers have every opportunity to move out of that contract. >> Yeah. Yeah. This is Teeu JSN right here. It's like he's the Tyler Lockett of that situation. Um but yeah, let's keep it going here. Antonio Williams who I've seen people be very complimentary of and have very very high in their rankings. And again to me like Jeremy Bernard he feels like a get- on base pick because you get a projectable role guy Washington only has Terry McLaren and Trayon Burks and those guys they'll probably sign somebody. Um >> this is more the Josh Downs profile by the way. >> Yeah, this is more the Josh DS profile where that's the usage that's the role he's going to have. Maybe Jaden Reed a

good example of this as well in that same draft class. Antonio Williams could be the long-term number two for Jaden Daniels. However, I expect one of Bbo Samuel, Brandon Iayuk, Stefon Diggs be added to this offense. >> Probably Aayuke at this point with like some of the rumblings we've been seeing. >> Yeah. And I I think that they would be foolish not to add somebody like that to the offense because after Antonio Williams, who's a third round rookie, third round rookie, wide receiver is not at an incredible hit rate. It It's Trayon Burks. It's Luke McAffrey. Like, they need better weapons around Jaden Daniels. They didn't get Jeremiah Love. They didn't take a receiver in the first round. They got Sunonny Styles in the first round. So, their first offensive skill player that they took to address a situation that needed a lot of offensive help was Antonio Williams. They didn't draft a running back really until round six with Kron Allen either. >> Yeah. No, I'm on the same page. Some

people might be willing to push Antonio Williams up to even 112 in this class. >> Well, Zack in our mock draft took him 2011 or 202 or something like that. I just I didn't see that. >> Again, if you love Antonio Williams, I get it. I just personally wouldn't have taken him that high just because I don't see a massive ceiling here and I do think that his value is going to get disrupted by a veteran addition. >> Yeah. I mean like I I understand the rationality like if he is Josh DS this is a good offense. Like I understand too actually. >> Yeah. Like a lot of people are going to be throwing that and you know validly so both third round picks both you know similar slot main archetypes. Obviously, unfortunately for the Colts and Josh DS, he's kind of been viewed more of a slot only given the route rate, but we'll see with Tony Williams this year, by the way. >> Pardon? >> That'll change this year. They didn't draft any receiver and they let Pitman

go. >> Yeah. No, I tend to agree, too. But, uh, yeah, Tony Williams, if you like him, I get it. Also, I wouldn't be willing to take him the first 13 or 14 picks of my draft. Jacobe Lane is the next one we got on the docket. We already talked about one of his teammates with Elijah Serat. Obviously, you're joining a room there, Z Flowers, Rashad Baitman. We mentioned Serat. You have Mark Andrews there, but I would say his role and his archetype, he's the only one of that on his team. He is the only bigbodied outside wide receiver that can really win at the catch point. Even though we may argue that there's a little bit of Keon Coleman here where I'm kind of scared he's going to just be plugged in at the X. Is he going to fully develop as a pure separation player? Cuz we both kind of argue that we would want him to be moved into this big spot. >> I didn't think that Lane needed to be moved into the slot. Coleman. Yes. Coleman, yes, but not Lane. >> Well, separation can develop as an ex

receiver. >> He can, but the separation is a big problem at this point. Admittedly, I thought at least in a situation where he would have that versatility to be moved in. Again, the Baltimore situation probably not that one that I would put in that capacity given that they have, you know, two or three slot capable players. Um, I'm just scared that they're going to rush his development, I guess, is my point. Yeah, I would have loved if he, you know, what Jaden Higgins had last year where he went with alongside Nico Collins, that would have been an ideal situation for Jacobe Lane to go to, for example, where have your number one ex receiver is going to command number one corners, whereas Jacobe Lane is probably going to be a sacrificial X early on in his career. And not only that, but he's way more raw than Elijah Serat. Like Elijah Surro is ready to play in the NFL like now. Jacobe Lane might take a full year of development. Might take even two years of development. So, I think that if

you're drafting Jacobe Lane, it should be on orphans, rebuilding teams, get a good value on him. I loved the landing spot initially for Jacobe Lane of Baltimore, but once they drafted Sarat, I was like, "Oh man, this is this is going to muddy things up a little bit." And maybe I love these two receiver prospects. I had Elijah Sarat wide receiver six before the draft, Kobe Lane wide receiver eight before the draft. >> Maybe they make Zay Flowers expendable and Z Flowers walks in free agency or something because they're just that good and they could be the number one and number two receiver long term. Either way, Jacobe Lane is gonna be the short-term number three receiver for an offense that doesn't throw the ball very much. So, >> can't feel him feel great about him. >> Where do you have Lane ranked? Because he's at 26 for me >> in my overall rankings. >> Uh, Superflex rookies. >> Uh, Superflex rookies. He is my uh Jacobe Lane is my wider. He's my 18th

overall player right now. >> Okay. So, that would make sense for for where we have in consensus. >> He's right there with first. I think both of them are very similar in that they're probably not going to get on the field right away. probably going to need some development time. >> Fair. I'm more optimistic on Hurst given the fact that I did think he was further along on the tape as a separator and I did have just a I mean that's just the difference in prospect rates we have cuz your guy was Lane and my guy was her so it makes >> I guess but at least Lane was playing against big competition with other NFL players on the same field whereas Hurst had >> wide receiver eight versus wide receiver 14. For me it makes sense why I'm more optimistic on Hurst. >> Fair. Yeah, fair enough. Anyways, let's keep it going here. Um anything else on lane? We can probably just keep going. >> Yeah, we can keep going. >> Carson Beck um could have a chance.

Yeah, gonna have a chance to start. I actually really liked Beck's film. I'm not gonna lie. I I didn't expect to like it as much. And this was a late addition to the prospect uh profiles on the site. I'll actually I'll show this really quick. I think he has a B+ arm, prototypical size, good anticipation, makes good reads, good pocket presence, too, and he's he's big and can throw the football accurately. The problem is he's not a huge fantasy ceiling because he doesn't have a lot of mobility. He had some like maturity issues early on in his career with the like Cavender [ __ ] that went down and he had a shoulder injury in 2023. So, those are like the knocks on him. But Arizona, you look around, you're like, "Holy crap, I get to drop back and hand the ball to Jeremiah Love, throw the ball to Trey McBride, Marvin Harrison Jr., and Michael Wilson." Um, that's a good situation. >> Yeah. And I guess the other con too is if he has a bad game, you go on Twitter

and everybody's just tweeting out like the Sid the Sloth meme. Like people are gonna >> Yeah. Like obviously I'm being facitious here, but um the the worry I have is like Brtte is the better quarterback. like he should at least start the season. But if Arizona's on track to win four or five games, that's the value that I have. It's very similar. >> I think they're better team than that, man. I think their offensive infrastructure is too good to win. >> Well, then well then if that's the case, then he's not going to play this year because Brousett's the better quarterback. So like that that's I guess my worry here. >> They're this year Saints to me. Like where Chuck We would have said that about Chuck last year, but Beck could come in. >> Chuck's got a way bigger arm than that. >> No, I I get that. But I'm saying the Saints even with Rattler Yeah. were a feisty team. They were winning games. They were close games.

>> What, seven games or something last year. I could see the Cardinals being exactly the same. >> Bes is so much better than Rattler, though. Like, you you would need to put Beck in because you're like, "Oh, we're tanking. We want to see the young quarterback play." I don't see a world where Beck can beat out Brassette in an even situation. And that's kind of what I go. Like, you're hoping that Beck can beat Davis Mills, which again in this class I have admittedly in the top 24. I have him at 23 overall, but at the same time, people are like, "Oh, yeah, no, he could start week one." Like the earliest I see him starting is week seven or week eight. >> Yeah. And unless this pet contract [ __ ] happens or there's an injury, it is going to take him some time to get on the field. I'm just saying if we get a chance to see the guy, he's got great weapons. >> Well, and we learned from Chuck last year. Shuck went top 40 last year and we

were like, "Oh, but like we we like Spencer Rattler more and this and that." Like at the end of the day here, when you're a young quarterback and it's an ambiguous room, there's always opportunity. So even though that realistically I want to rank Carson Beck more so in the late 20s, early 30s, the fact that he does have the opportunity in this class is worth a top 24 pick. >> Yeah. No, exactly. It's going to be an interesting uh it's going to be interesting to see all and Beck both like when they get on the field, if they get on the field as rookies and Simpson, too, for what it's worth. Um let's rapid fire this last year because I don't want to spend too too much time here. There's a lot of tight ends. Max Cla goes to the Rams. Eli Rarin goes to the Patriots in the third round. Oscar Delp Saints in the third round. Justin Jolie to the Broncos in the fifth round. I'll let you talk about your favorite guy there and then I'll talk about my favorite guy

there. So, your favorite guy I'm assuming is Max Clair. >> Yeah, Max Clair is my favorite guy. This is definitely I would say in this range the biggest discrepancy between us. Um he's my 17th overall player and he's my tight end too. He was my tight end too going into the pre-draft cycle. So, that should shouldn't shock anyone. And the way I kind of look at it is based off what happened in the NFL draft between Stoers, between Claire, between Rarin, between Delp, I feel like the landing spots in Draft Capital kind of all even themselves out. A little bit more concerns with Stoers and Clare, which is why even though I still have them as my one and two, they're right next to Delp and Raridan, who I think maybe have more upside in the opportunity with obviously Delp going to the Saints. If he can beat out Jawan Johnson, we just talked about that as an ascending offense. lot of pass volume. I'll bait for a raw athletic option that Delp Biz. He might have to develop a little bit. Same thing

with Riden. Hey, you got the second in MVP voting Drake May from last year, but at the same time, you still have to beat out Hunter Henry early on. Although, I do think by next year, we could be talking about a top two, three target. And what's one of the best offense in the league? I have all these four tight ends back to back to back to back because realistically, when I'm in the mid-second round, I want to be taking shots on all of them. I love all of these profiles, man. Yeah, Delp is um as a prospect in the prospect model, not even close to these other three guys in terms of >> his numbers don't flash. >> Yeah, which is why that he is the clear last guy of that group for me. And also too, I think he's the most raw. And again, to my point about all these other players, if I think they're raw and that they might take some time to develop, I might be less in on them. Whereas Raran played a lot of college football, had to compete with NFL tight ends like

Mitchell Evans and Michael Mayer and is a better prospect than Oscar Del. I have him ranked over um over Delp for that reason and I do I think he has the best combination of LA landing spot in draft capital and I wouldn't blame anybody for saying they'd even take him over [ __ ] Stowers because I I do think >> his ceiling for getting on the field early is he's got like a 32-y old tight end ahead of him on the depth chart. An offense that's going to have AJ Brown and Romeo Dobs on the outside with Drake May throwing the football like this. This could be a really really high-end like eight plus touchdown rookie season from Rarin if he can start. Well, that's why I have them at 17 through 20. Again, I feel like I'm going to be, you know, one of the higher in that range for these tight ends on the Flock site. But I'm getting more excited about these tight ends in terms of where they can end up in the landscape at their position than I am all these running

back wide receiver options. Like to me, when I'm looking at even Antonio Williams versus these tight ends, like I would rather take the swing on the tight end because if Max Claire is the tight end one with the Rams, he could be a top five to eight dynasty tight end. If Eli Stoers does overcome that situation, given the receiving profile, he could be a top five to 10 tight end in Dynasty. If Oscar Dell fully pans out as a receiver, puts all those athletic traits together, you have the number three option on one of the passhappiest offenses in the league. And like you just mentioned with Raran, we kind of talked about him as like the Walmart Lovelin. He's 66, 241. He can play in line. He can be attached to Drake May long term. And I'm I'm sure you we'll talk about Justin Jolie in a second here. You're flashing on the screen, too. >> Yeah, dude. Justin Jolie, um, no exaggeration, is the best tight end that's ever gone on day three, uh, in the prospect model. Best tight end, and

look at the list. You see Gadson and KD are two of the guys that are right after him. He's the only tight end one upside prospect that's ever gone on day three. And I would argue, Danny, if he had gone third round to the Broncos or second round to the Broncos, he'd be in this class easily. >> That's what I was to say. Would he beat the 2011? >> Yeah. Justin Julie went to the absolute best landing spot he could have possibly gone to. He is learning behind Evan Ingram, who is his ceiling comp. >> Yeah. No, I I absolutely agree. So, I have him a little bit after those guys. I have him more as like >> he's my 23rd overall player, dude. I have him as my tight end three still. >> So, he I have him a little lower. And keep in mind, too, I had him more so in this range as a prospect. You actually had him with an 80.5. top. >> So, um I had a 75 on him, but at the same time, I'm fully bought in on this spot, too. Like, I have him right beside

in my ranking to the 33rd overall pick Desawn Stribbling. >> I have him five picks ahead of that. >> Like, but like a lot of people will hear that be like the guy went 33 overall. Like, how are you doing that? You got to trust the Capital. It's like >> let's talk about him because he's our 28th overall player and as a prospect he's a wide receiver, three upside prospect. So, he's in the same territory as Jeremy Bernard and Jacobe Lane and those guys. So, if you want to take Deshawn Stribbling, trust the draft capital over those guys, that's totally fine. I just when I watched the film on Deshawn Stribbling, I saw a guy that in five collegiate seasons at 23.4 years old on three different programs could never achieve more than 850 yards, which doesn't bode well for his ceiling in the in the NFL. I actually think that this is a good addition for Mike Evans and Ricky Pieraw because they could have added somebody a lot more productive. In theory, he's your Jawan Jennings

replacement, which I think is fair. And if he turns into Jawan Jennings, that'd be a good career for John Stribbling. But I don't want Jawan Jennings as the ceiling out of a prospect that I'm going to draft in the second round. I'm going to swing on the Allers. I'm going to swing on the Singletons. I'm going to swing on those types of guys over a guy like this any day of the week. >> Yeah, he was unproductive in proh in college. He's going to be 24 years old by the time the season starts. And again, they traded down from Omar Cooper Jr. in the first to try to look smart and get more picks. first if they had picked there. >> Oh god. I >> 49ers, man. Like you the there's always one person that's trying to outsmart everybody else in the room and I feel like that's the 49ers on every [ __ ] year. >> They're like uh Riley in my home league taking Ashen Genty ahead of Bejon last year. >> Oh god. Oh yeah. But anyways, Stribbling, if you're wondering where he

is, he's a two-3 turn pick for us. He's probably going to go higher than that in your original league. And I I posted this on Twitter cuz Ron was like, "Hey, I get it. We don't like Deshawn Stribbling, but he was the 33rd pick in the draft." I'm like, "That's sounds to me like when Jonathan Mingo was the 39th pick in the draft and people took him over Sam Leaporta, Jaden Reed, Josh DS, Rasheed Rice, all all those guys went like immediately after Jonathan Mingo because people were trusting the draft capital." And I made this point on Twitter and a couple people were like, "Thank you for sticking to your guns." Don't trust the draft capital. If the prospect's not that good of a prospect, take better prospects over them. Trust me, it's not as predictive to be a second round receiver as you think it is. >> Yeah. And um we can move on to Kron as well because um I mean hell, if you're just listening to what Kron Allen is

saying about Kron Allen, you probably think you're you're getting the the steel of the draft. Like there's a quote that comes out. He's like right now. So for reference, the question was uh I believe from Lord don't lose. He was like oh like who do you compare yourself to in the NFL? And he's like right now I'd say I got a little bit of Bejon Robinson. In the past, you could look at guys like Adrien Peterson and Le'Veon Boss. Like, by the way, all three of those guys completely [ __ ] different skill sets. The only thing that kept ringing my head when I closed my eyes and I heard that it was the graphic of David Montgomery. It was like the feed of Seaquark or whatever. Yeah. >> And it's just like fair play Kron. Like realistically, we got Jonah Coleman out there saying I got to protect my quarterback. And we have Kron Allen sixth round pick saying that he's going to be the best running back in the NFL. Like one person can look at it and say,

"Well, he's confident." The other the other person can say, "Well, why doesn't he just say I can be the next Brian Robinson?" You know what I mean? Like he got drafted to the Washington. Just say, "You could be the next Brian Robinson." Everybody's patting you on the back and calling you realistic. But yeah, we're joking about this. We're about an hour 15 into the video. Kron Allen, if you want to spend a late second, early third round pick, physical player, going to fill between the tackles. They don't really have this archetype of back on the roster, so he could earn playing time early. I mean, we saw Rodriguez last year, for example. They did not want to use Bill in a full three down capacity. Rodriguez, that role kind of also fills by Kron Allen, too. >> Yeah, with Kron Allen, again, what I've said a million times throughout this video, he was a good prospect, and if he had gone in the third round, we're talking about him in the same prospect

caliber as like Jadarian Price. Like, he he was a good prospect. He outperformed Nick Singleton this year at Penn State. So, yeah, if you want to take the shot on him and you go, "Okay, it's an open backfield. Jerome Ford, Rashad White, Bill Crosky, Meritt, they don't really scare me. Totally go nuts for it. I tend to think that Rashad White's the best back back in that backfield right away and maybe Kron can be a contributor if there's some injuries or something like that. The other guys that we haven't talked about in this tier, two like kind of boomer bust receivers. Zachariah Branch goes to the Falcons. Sneakily actually a decent landing spot. They don't have a ton of receiving talent there outside of Drake London and Kyle Pittz, but Zachariah Branch is a compliment. He's a guy that's going to get a lot of design touches, a lot of screens and whatnot. London's your alpha. Pitts is probably gonna command 100 plus targets himself and Bejon will

probably command 100 plus targets. So, how much is really left over for Zachariah Branch to do more than just be like, hey, we're going to throw him this screen pass on this play. Like, he's probably going to be more so a okay, if he can develop into something, then that's great, but he's probably going to end up just being a gadget guy, at least early in his career. >> Yeah. And again, rest in peace to Rond Del Moore. Uh but when they signed him in 2024, the role that he was supposed to be playing, um obviously he ends up getting injured. We don't have to, you know, delve into all that, but they had an ideal role for a guy with Rondale Moore skill set. And I do think that their vision is for Zachariah Branch to play that role. >> Yeah, he's going to be fancy Ray Ray Mloud for the Falcons. That's basically what he's going to be. So again, you want to take a shot on that? You say, "Oh, in dynasty baseball leagues, both of these guys fit dynasty basketball

leagues better to be honest. Zachariah Branch and Chris Purcell." Because I look at Chris Purcell and I see sacrificial ex receiver. Tedo McMillan won. >> Jaylen Coker is probably going to be a little bully ball big slot for them. And I like their running backs. I think Chuba Hubard and Brooks and those guys. They're going to be a runheavy team because Dave Canalis likes to run the football. Chris Purcell is going to have probably three good games all year. Maybe four, maybe five, best case scenario. And you might never know when they're coming. So Dynasty baseball all for it. But uh Chris Purcell, I don't anticipate him developing into a ton. I was a lot lower on the prospect. I heard he had some attitude concerns, off the- field stuff. I'm just not that high on the prospect. But if you like the landing spot, I get it. Maybe you think he could be the number two there long term. >> Yeah. You mentioned the Dynasty baseball. He might only have like three

productive games this year, but in two of those games, he might produce like three for 68 in a touchdown or four for 93 and then two touchdowns. That's the profile he is. If he can uncover behind, he can score 50, 60, 70, 80 yards out. On top of that too, um I thought his release package for a big guy was really freaking good. Like obviously there's qualms in terms of his yak game in terms of, you know, at times it was more of a flash hands as opposed to consistent hands, but at the same time like he's got a clear role in this team for an ascending offense. >> Yeah. So that is our top 30. Again, we have our full top 50 plus available on flockfantasy.com if you guys want to check that out. Again, to repeat what I said at the beginning of the video, the prospect models, quarterbacks, running backs, wide receivers, tight end, all fully up to date. You guys can access those and tinker around with them. I showcase them throughout this video. If you guys want to use our Dynasty Wall

Street Journal, version six is out. 50 plus player writeups, 60 plus total players covered in that. And a thousand plus hours of video breakdown of us going through their film, talking about their prospect profile, basically everything that we have said about we had them graded here, we did that. We give you the whole process behind that. We're not just shouting out numbers that we came out and pulled out of our ass. We went through the process and it's literally documented that you can go watch if you guys want to check that out. That is all available on flockfantasy.com. Trade calculator definitely a valuable tool this time of year for rookie trades and rookie uh trade ups and trade downs and future picks and that kind of thing. And again, if you guys don't want to sign up on Flock for whatever reason, you want to get our draft guide for free, sign up with 10 bucks on Underdog Fantasy using the promo code FSE. You'll get $50 in bonus entries on your first $5 play. And

you will get our Dynasty Wall Street Journal, our Dynasty Rookie Draft Guide film breakdowns, our reddraft rankings manifesto, our reddraft guide in June when it comes out, and our start sit rankings for the regular season for reddraft purposes in September when that comes out. You'll get all four of those things. The price of an annual Motherflocker subscription on our site, $100 value for $10 on Underdog Fantasy. So, that'll be linked down below in the pin comment if you guys want to check that out. Leave a like if you enjoyed this video. Subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. I know this was a little bit longer, but the video is called This is the only Dynasty Rookie Rankings tier list you'll need for a reason. You got a combined opinion of both of us. You heard some of the guys Danny's higher on, some of the guys I'm higher on. Consensus wise, I think this will be our best hit rate because you get a mix of both opinions. So, if that, like I said, if all that stuff interests

you, check it out down below in the link in the pin comment. Check out the site, check out the Flock League. We just posted that Dynasty rookie mock with all of us um on Mason's Dynasty Flock channel. So, definitely check that out. Um, but with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
