It is officially draft week, fellas. We are here. We are going to see all these landing spots, all the draft capital. We can stop talking about hypotheticals by the end of the week. And today, I'm going through guys that you should be looking to shop, looking to last-minute sell before the NFL draft. And a lot of this is going to be based on Kyle Borgononi does a great article every single year for the Fantasy Footballers. I will link that down below in the description. None of this is my data. I just want to shout out Kyle for this. I go through this kind of and talk about some of the players that could be disrupted by incoming rookies, whether that's at running back, wide receiver, quarterback, or tight end. We'll go through all those positions. And some guys that I'd be selling. I have about nine, 10 guys that I'd actually be selling based on some of this information and what we're projecting. Of course, I'm not going to get everything right. There's going to be

guys that dodge the bullets to the incoming rookies. But we're generally trying to say, "Hey, from a process standpoint, maybe I should look to sell this guy." I can always buy him back later in other leagues or in the league that I'm in here. So, let's start with the running back position because at running back, opportunity is everything. So, this position more so than any other can be disrupted by an incoming rookie. If you get Jeremiah Love going fifth overall to the to the Giants or something, that's going to severely affect Cam Akers' value and so on. So, last year, people were getting early seconds for Cam Akers and Stevenson before Treyvion Henderson was drafted. Late first potentially for Tyron Tracy before Akers got drafted there. People probably were able to sell on other just like middle parts, spare part type of guys like a Jerome Ford before Judkins got there and so on and so forth. So, let's start with the running back visits. Again, this is Kyle's data. I'll link it

all down below. The article itself is a good read. Basically, you could see here the top 30 visits. Every team gets 30 visits that they can schedule with all positions, not just running back or fantasy-relevant ones. And I guess what we're looking for here is not necessarily to like match make players who've had visits to certain teams because generally, you can only draft that player if he's on the board and so on. All goes into it. Essentially, what we're looking for is a signal that those teams are going to address that position group. And that can kind of tell us something about the current players that are on the roster, especially if it's something we're not currently thinking in the fantasy community. So, as you can see there the top of the running back class, you can see who's met with who. Judarian Price and Keaton Allen and even Singleton, some of the other guys haven't done a whole lot of visits yet. But generally, if we look by the teams that have had the most visits

at the running back position, and you can also see their draft capital here, which Kyle organizes pretty well. The Seahawks have met with five running backs. You can see some of the top ones, especially Mike Washington, Emmet Johnson, Jonah Coleman, and so on. And then the Vikings also have met with five running backs. That is a very strong signal suggesting that those teams will address the running back position with some of their early round picks. And as you can see there, the Seahawks have the 32nd pick, 64th pick, 96th pick. The Vikings, four picks inside of the top 100 there. Teams who use three plus top 30 visits on running backs, they've selected a top four round running back, so a pretty significant investment at the position, 81% of the time, which again, is all Kyle's data. You can check it out in the article. First three round running back, usually see that 61% of the time. So, definitely something and with two plus, you could see about 50% of the time and 70% of the time

respectively. So, again, we're going to use this data. We're going to come up with some shops, some sells at the running back position. Now, one team that has not used a ton of visits on the running back position, but is in position to completely nuke their current starter is the New York Giants, who I made reference to at the top of the video. Cam Akers right now, this is a really, really challenging thing. If you are a gambler, if you're a dice roller and you want to hold Cam Akers and see if Jeremiah Love goes fifth overall, I don't blame you because Jeremiah Love right now, according to DK, plus 600 to be the number five pick in the NFL draft. Currently, the Tennessee Titans at number four overall are minus 135 to take Jeremiah Love. And we've also actually heard some reports that some teams think that the Cardinals could take him at number three overall. So, now that the Giants have two top 10 picks after the Dexter Lawrence trade, you do have to worry about Jeremiah Love

coming in and just completely nuking the season that Cam Akers had. But they haven't met with any other running backs. So, if he can dodge the Jeremiah Love bullet, this is similar to the situation we had with D'Andre Swift last year, where if he dodged the Ashton Jeanty bullet, we thought he was probably in the clear, and that's exactly what ended up happening. Cam Akers had a really solid rookie season before he got injured, could end up being a top 12 to 15 dynasty running back post-draft if he can avoid Jeremiah Love. But as we saw with Tyler Allgeier a couple years ago, sometimes a promising rookie season can be cut short by the fact that you add a much more talented player. Again, Cam Akers, very price-dependent. If you can get a top, I would say seven or eight rookie pick for him right now, I would be okay selling. If you can get a mid to late projected first for him next year, I would be okay selling. You can see some of the trade calculator, trade finder tools on our

site. You could see some of the recent trades that have happened with Cam Akers here. But if all you're being offered for him is like the 2.02 or something, then absolutely, you should hold to see if they don't get Jeremiah Love cuz like I said, it is trending in the direction that they won't based on the fact that they now have the fifth overall pick. Maybe they're earmarking the 10th pick for a receiver, an offensive player. Maybe they go with a Styles or Josh Downs or Francis Mauigoa, Jordan Tyson, something like that at number five overall. Like I said, he is only plus 600 to be the number five overall pick to the New York Giants in the NFL draft. So, Cam Akers, normally, I'd be sitting here pounding the table, you got to trade this guy, you got to sell this guy. But they haven't done extensive research on the class in general. It's just Jeremiah Love that they've done research on. So, definitely something that I feel a little bit more comfortable with Akers now as opposed

to, you know, let's say a month ago or two months ago, I thought they could have definitely added more to the running back position. So, I'm moving into Zach Charbonnet, who I think undoubtedly will get some running back competition added. I guess the question is what caliber of competition is it? Is it a second round pick? Is it a first round pick potentially? Judarian Price, who has not met with a single team yet, which is a little bit odd. But they have met with Jonah Coleman, they have met with Emmet Johnson, they have met with Mike Washington Jr. I think that their like third pick, the 96th overall pick, maybe their 64th overall pick is probably where they address the running back position. I don't believe Seattle has a four or a five, if I'm not mistaken. They have not a lot of draft picks in this class. Let me just make sure I'm not talking out my ass here and make sure I do have the picks correct that they have here. The Seattle Seahawks have in the 2026 NFL draft,

they are not in possession of their four or their five. They do have Cleveland's sixth round pick, but they don't have their seven either. So, I think that if they don't take a running back in the first three rounds, then Charbonnet would be in the clear. But Charbonnet right now, if people are asleep at the wheel, you could probably get a good deal on him. Like you could see here, Charbonnet and a second for Sam LaPorta, Charbonnet and 2.05 for a random 27 first, that one's not even close. Charbonnet, I think this one's a little bit more realistic. Charbonnet and a fourth for the 2.03 and a third, Charbonnet for Parker Washington, et cetera. Again, Charbonnet coming off of a torn ACL, don't really love his situation coming into this season, probably won't be on the field right away. And also, especially if they draft, let's say Jonah Coleman or Emmet Johnson in the third round, then you're probably looking at the rookie getting the bulk of the touches. They also added

Emanuel Wilson in free agency. So again, in sharper leagues, I don't imagine anybody's going to be trading for him until after the draft. But if people are asleep at the wheel in casual leagues and they just know about Kenneth Walker leaving, then you could probably get a nice little deal on Charbonnet for an early to mid two. Moving in to the Vikings, like I said, they've met with five plus running backs, and that is a strong indication, 81% chance that they draft a running back in the first four rounds. And unlike the Seahawks, the Vikings do actually have quite a few picks. They have the 18th pick, 49th pick, 82nd pick, and 97th pick. So, they have four picks in the top 100. Very good chance they address the running back position. They've done extensive homework on the class, like I said. They've been meeting with mainly these like third and fourth round caliber prospects, Jonah Coleman, Emmet Johnson, DeWayne McBride, Keilan Black, and Seth McGowan. So, I do expect them to probably address the

position. So, if you're in a situation where you have Aaron Jones, you have Jordan Mason, or maybe you have both of them, like you can see in a trade at the beginning here, where you could offload both Vikings running backs for the 2.05 in the rookie draft, or both Vikings running backs plus Montgomery for the 2.02. That one's probably about fair. Generally, I think that's a decent trade. Aaron Jones plus Evan Engram for the 2.06, also a decent trade there. So, kind. David Montgomery, now the Houston Texans, to me is an interesting guy that you could maybe offload, too, because the Texans have four top 70 picks. They've met with two running backs in this year's class. When you look at which two it's been, it's been lower-level guys. It's been down the board type of guys like a Keilan Black the Texans having the pick capital that they have with four top 70 picks puts them squarely in the conversation to be the team that drafts Judarian Price. And like I said, Judarian Price hasn't met

with anybody. Keaton Allen hasn't met with anybody. So, you never know what kind of teams are in on certain players. And I have seen Judarian Price mocked to the Texans a couple of times, most recently from Dane Brugler in the seven-round mock that we did yesterday. So, I will say for David Montgomery, he's 28, 29 years old. I can't remember exactly how old he is. He's an older player. Has a lot of touches under his belt, even dating back to his college career. And if you can cash out for an early to mid second-rounder right now, that's just a process play cuz if they bring in Judarian Price in the second round, then suddenly, this is going to be a committee in year one. And most people, if they're not paying attention, probably assume that David Montgomery is going to be the full-fledged starter, give him the Joe Mixon role, so on and so forth. And they might think he's a great win-now contending running back buy. This class sucks, et cetera. I'll send the 2.02 for him.

And you might be able to cash out at that point in time. You could see someone getting a second and a third, someone packaging with Michael Wilson and a second to get a first. Like that's obviously a great move if you can make that move. So, those are the major running backs that could be disrupted. Now, keep in mind, this running back class isn't very good. So, there's not a lot of bullets to dodge for a guy like David Montgomery, for a guy like Cam Akers. Realistically, there's only going to be somewhere between three and a half to like five running backs selected in the first, let's say, 100, 120 picks in the NFL draft. So, if somebody has, you know, Adam Randall in the fifth round added to their backfield, I'm not really worried about how bad that would affect their their range of outcomes cuz ultimately that's a fifth-round running back. It's not going to be a huge deal. The one thing I also wanted to mention, too, is Chase Brown is a major major winner from the Dexter Lawrence trade.

Not that I thought Jeremiah Love would get to 10, but I do know for a fact, in my opinion, that they would take him if he fell to them at 10, and Chase Brown would get absolutely nuked by Jeremiah Love. At least in the long term, he would get nuked by Jeremiah Love. So, it's good that they no longer possess that pick cuz if the Bengals address the running back position, which I expect them to at some point, it probably is more your fourth, fifth, sixth-round running back that they add to the backfield. Now, moving into the wide receiver position. Now, I I do need to say this off the top. Just because a team is going to add a wide receiver doesn't mean that's going to nuke the guy that we're talking about. Wide receivers are different. There's more of them on the field at the same time. The better receivers command the targets, etc. Sometimes it's not even a bad thing. You think of the whole example of Amon-Ra St. Brown and Jameson Williams, where Jamo gets drafted and ended up

really truly being good for Amon-Ra St. Brown. It opened up the middle of the field. Um, but these are the wide receivers, the top wide receivers in the class according to NFL Mock Draft Database. Those This is the order they're expected to get selected, and you could see who's meeting with who, who has a chance to go where, etc. Again, we're not necessarily playing matchmaker here and going, "Oh, um, the the Titans have met with Carnell Tate. Ergo, they're going to take Carnell Tate." Not necessarily. It's just uh to again showcase how many receivers have they met with. Are they likely to spend a pick on a receiver? Cuz again, the teams only get 30 of these visits. So, the fact that, as you can see on the screen here, Cleveland has used eight of them on wide receivers of all NFL positions is a very strong signal that they are going to take a wide receiver high. In fact, seven plus visits over the, you know, years that Kyle's been doing this study, 81% of

those teams drafted a wide receiver in the first three rounds. So, that would apply to the New Orleans Saints and the Cleveland Browns. And you could see like the Raiders met with six, the Commanders met with five, couple of teams met with four, couple of teams met with three, etc. And you could see that um three plus visits is like a 53% chance you take one high, four plus visits a 63% chance you take one high, five plus visits 65. And then, like I said, 81% of the teams with seven plus visits drafted a receiver in the first three rounds. So, again, just because they're going to add a receiver doesn't mean it's going to nuke anybody on the depth chart, but it is worth noting here that there's some takeaways that we could have. The Browns and Saints, the teams that have met with seven plus receivers each, both of them are very likely to take a receiver. They get mocked receivers all the time. We've seen a receiver mocked to the Saints at eighth overall. We've seen a receiver

mocked to the Browns at sixth overall. I think it's very likely both will be in on Ohio State wide receiver Carnell Tate, for example. And if they don't take a receiver with their first pick, they're very likely going to take one at 24 for Cleveland in the second round for the Saints. Is it bad for Chris Olave? Let's just have a discussion here. Chris Olave, coming into this season, was a sixth-round redraft pick. Coming into this season, he was a guy who people were worried about from a dynasty perspective because of the head injuries he suffered in his career. Now, Chris Olave just ripped off a top 12 season in fantasy points per game and stayed healthy the entire year, had a second-round quarterback at Tyler Shough that people are excited about, and so on. I can make the argument that Chris Olave might be at peak value. Cuz if they do add Carnell Tate, if they do add Makai Lemon, if they do add Jordan Addison at eighth overall, that could affect Chris Olave's 150-plus targets

that he saw last year. And I'm not sold on Tyler Shough. Some people are. If you are, that's totally fine. I think that we might look back, let's say five years from now and go, "Hey, man, that was the peak opportune selling window on Chris Olave." He was coming off of a huge season. The injury concerns haven't disappeared. He also is not under contract after this year with New Orleans. It's possible he goes to a different team. Maybe that's a good thing. Maybe that's a bad thing. I'm just reporting it here. Coming off a top 12 season at age 25 with a concussion history that he has, knowing that he is right now like a top 25-30 overall startup pick, maybe you can do a trade like this, where it's tearing up to a better asset. Marvin plus Olave for JSN. Olave plus Chase Brown for St. Brown. Those are the types of deals I would do with Olave. I'm not necessarily saying you should just sell him for like the 1.07. Like, no. You should get a really

great asset in return. But I do think pivoting off of Chris Olave, taking the incremental gain that you got off of him last year, cuz people who drafted Olave in startups last year probably took him in the fifth, sixth, seventh round, something like that. In redraft, again, he was like a sixth-round pick. Take that incremental gain. He's like a third-round startup pick now and go and get a better asset who could even continue to accumulate value themselves. This one at the bottom is an interesting deal where you get Chris Olave, Mac Jones, and the 1.12 traded for Brian Thomas Jr. and the 1.02. Again, 1.02 is an excellent asset, and Brian Thomas Jr. is still an asset that could easily be more valuable than Chris Olave according assuming he bounces back from the injury and the downplay that we saw from him last year. The Browns, however, they're going to be adding a receiver for sure, either at six, 24, etc. I do think that Harold Fannin would see a little bit of a downgrade for me just in the short

term with a big-time wide receiver addition. If they add Carnell Tate at sixth overall, let's say, Fannin is 21 years old. He's really young. I'm sure he's great for dynasty. But they also don't have a good quarterback. We're waiting on that. We don't know exactly what's going to happen there. Probably in 2027 is when they get their quarterback. It'll be some combination of Watson and Shedeur Sanders most likely this year. He's not overly expensive on the market. I don't think that Fannin is necessarily a sell high. But I do think if somebody's going to value him as like the 1.04 in the rookie draft, you might be able to get off of him knowing that they could add not only Carnell Tate or something, but they might add multiple receivers in this year's draft. You're not going to get anything for like Jerry Jeudy or Cedric Tillman, any other receivers that are on the Browns. If you can, obviously, use them in package deals and whatnot. But

Fannin is an interesting discussion because he's very young still. He is They did lose David Njoku in free agency. Maybe they would bring him back. We don't know. But I do think the targets were partially why Fannin was productive. And if they add a lot more target competition, that could affect Harold Fannin long term. As much as you guys know I love Harold Fannin. He was literally probably my biggest hit of the entire last dynasty off-season. He is somebody that maybe, if you could tier up to Tyler Warren, for example, who had Michael Pittman traded, Alec Pierce has resigned, Josh Downs is there, Adonai Mitchell he traded last year. I would rather have Tyler Warren than Harold Fannin as much as I think that they're pretty close. Knowing that Fannin might get some wide receiver additions to the to the receiver core, that could definitely sway my decision one way or another. Raiders, they're going to be adding a receiver. They don't have a wide receiver worth a so it

doesn't really matter. Um, Commanders have Terry McLaurin, who you could argue. They've met with all the top-tier guys. If they draft Jordan Addison or Carnell Tate or Makai Lemon or Omar Cooper if they trade down or something. Also, they had Makai Lemon on for a private workout as well, who's currently plus 3,000 to be the seventh overall pick in the draft, which I think is kind of interesting. They have pick seven, pick 71, no second-rounder, and no fourth-rounder. So, Terry could easily dodge this bullet. If they take Reuben Bain at number seven overall or something, and then they don't take a receiver in the the third round, or if they do even, it's maybe it's like a Chris Bell or Zay Flowers, some complementary receiver. They'll probably add Brandon Aiyuk at some point cuz we know that eventually he's going to get cut by the 49ers, and he wants to go to Washington. I do think that Terry McLaurin is a sneaky buy if they don't add to the receiver position

because I think McLaurin, you know, he was going in the third round of redraft leagues last year. Had a disappointing season, injury-prone last year, and of course Jane Daniels was hurt. I do think that we could see a major bounce-back, top-15, Courtland Sutton-esque type of season from him. And it wouldn't shock me if he ends up being a guy that I'm even willing to take the gamble on buying now. Cuz if, let's say they take Carnell Tate at seventh overall, Makai Lemon at seventh overall, I still think that Terry McLaurin would have top-36, top-30 overall appeal from a redraft standpoint, knowing that those guys are rookies and he's a veteran receiver, and he also would maybe get less attention as a result of that. So, if you're a contending team, I actually think that Terry McLaurin is a sneaky buy just given the projected draft capital that they have and and all that kind of stuff. And then some other guys, some quick rapid-fire stuff. The Dolphins are going to draft multiple

receivers. Nobody cares about their pass-catchers right now, so no worries. The Giants do now possess pick five and 10, and they could add a big-time receiver. I'm not really worried from Malik Nabers' standpoint, but it could mean bad things for Isaiah Likely. Now, like you look at the Giants right now as an offense, they have Malik Nabers, they have Darnell Mooney, and then some other guys. And then at tight end, they have both Isaiah Likely and Theo Johnson. I think that Nabers is the clear-cut alpha no matter who they draft because he's one of the best five receivers in the league already, in my opinion, despite coming off a torn ACL. I think he's that talented. Um, for me, Isaiah Likely got the nice contract, but John Harbaugh never used him as a full-time tight end. We know that Mark Andrews was involved. Theo Johnson is very stylistically similar to Mark Andrews and that he can play in line. He can play as a blocking tight end. I also think he won't go away. He's still a talented player. And

Isaiah Likely already, even before adding a receiver in the draft, might have been an uphill battle to get a full-time workload, a full-time role as a, you know, 80-plus percent route participation tight end, which for a guy who's ranked as like tight end 10 in dynasty right now, you kind of need him to be that. If they add Carnell Tate, if they add Jordan Addison, Isaiah Likely now not only has the concern of his snaps at the tight end position, but he also will guaranteed, pretty much, be at best the third target in this offense. So, for me, I would actually be willing to sell high on Isaiah Likely. I know he's not a receiver, but he does kind of fit the description of, hey, the target competition could bump him down a peg, knock him down a peg in the in the pecking order. So, if you can take, I mean, first of all, Isaiah Likely plus Alec Pierce for DeVonta Smith, smash. I mean, A.J. Brown pretty much guaranteed getting traded to the Patriots according to Adam Schefter today that came out.

Isaiah Likely plus Alec Pierce for the 1.09 and 2.02. Like, these are easy trades for me to make. Likely Flowers and a first for CeeDee Lamb and a second, another easy trade for me to make. And then, the other team I just wanted to highlight as well as the 49ers who have done some work on this receiver class. And they also brought in Mike Evans in free agency. Of course, they still have George Kittle and Christian McCaffrey. I think that Ricky Pearsall's got an uphill battle to be fantasy relevant. Could he be a contributing receiver to the team? For sure. But if they draft, let's say Jermaine Burton in the second round, or they draft Who have they met with? Let's look at the 49ers. They met with Denzel Boston. What if they take him in the first round? Casey Conception, Omar Cooper. They've also met with who are projected to go in that range of the draft. If they draft one of those guys, to me it's curtains on Ricky Pearsall. And there's still a very, very high

price tag on Ricky Pearsall on the dynasty market. He is wide receiver 38 in the Dynasty Expert rankings on the site, and on Keep Trade Cut, I've seen him still ranked as high as like wide receiver 32, 33. This is a 25-year-old third-year wide receiver who very much could be the fourth target in his offense, if not fifth target if you count for Christian McCaffrey. So, for me, I think selling him to get up to Sam Darnold, or selling him in a package deal to get Devonta Smith, or him and Jayden Higgins for a 111 and a second and a third, like I would be willing to move off of Ricky Pearsall, no questions asked. Not that I think he's bad, I just don't think that he's going to be a significant fantasy producer with Mike Evans there, with George Kittle there, with Christian McCaffrey there. And then also, when probably they draft a top three-round receiver, and maybe another first-round receiver. Like if they add Casey Conception, in my opinion, he does everything Pearsall does, only he's more

durable and better at all of it. And even if they take like, let's say Jeremy Bernard or a Denzel Boston, or somebody with a little bit more of a complimentary role, they're all going to It's going to be the 49ers all over again, where they have a lot of weapons, we don't know who to start every single week. I just don't believe that Ricky Pearsall is a top 35 dynasty receiver at this point, when I know for a fact Mike Evans a better receiver, George Kittle a better pass catcher, Christian McCaffrey basically going to command more targets than him as well. So, yeah, that's the receiver position. Into the quarterbacks, you can see I'll kind of just breeze through here. Obviously, Mendoza's taking no other visits other than the Raiders, cuz he's going to be a Raider. The second tier of quarterbacks is interesting to me, because you see the Cardinals, they're heavily linked to Ty Simpson right now. The Cardinals have also met with Draelon. They met with Carson Beck.

The Browns haven't really met with anybody other than Ty Simpson. They pick that 24th pick. Maybe they could spend that on on Ty Simpson if he's still there. Garrett Nussmeier has only met with the Colts, so I guess maybe he's and the Jets as well on a private workout. Maybe he's going to be more of like a third, fourth-round type of guy as a backup or a contingency quarterback. And then you see Draelon, Cole Payton, Carson Beck, Ta'Quan Green all met with the Steelers. So, maybe What that tells me, Draelon high upside, Cole Payton high upside, Ta'Quan Green high upside, Carson Beck heavily experienced. This tells me that Aaron Rodgers, when he inevitably goes back to the Pittsburgh Steelers, the Steelers are not enamored with Will Howard to the point that they would still spend a third, fourth, or fifth-round pick on one of these guys. And these guys could be the succession plan to Aaron Rodgers. And for me, that gets me really excited specifically about Draelon and Cole

Payton, who I do really like, as I talked about in our draft guide. When you look at just the number of visits, again, the Steelers meeting with four quarterbacks is significant. Three plus visits on a quarterback, 57% of those teams drafted a quarterback, period. 90% of those 57 used a top four-round pick on a quarterback. So, whatever quarterback they would select, whether it's Draelon or Payton or whoever, that could be a significant, let's say third or fourth-round dynasty rookie pick type of option. And also, maybe the takeaway here is if you're rostering Will Howard thinking he's going to be something, maybe use him in a package deal to move off of him. Is there any sells really to take away from the quarterback position? Again, it's not a very good class. However, the one takeaway for me is that the Jets and Cardinals and Dolphins all doing three plus quarterbacks of due diligence could say that maybe those starters are not as, let's say, guaranteed to be starting the

whole season. Like Brissett, Geno Smith, I think it's very possible that week 11 comes along, or week five even comes along, think about what happened with the Giants last year, and the Jets want to get a look at Draelon, who they take in the fourth round. The Cardinals want to get a look at Ty Simpson, who they take in the second round. The Dolphins want to take a look at Garrett Nussmeier, who they took in the fourth round, potentially. So, that's something to keep in mind with Willis, with Brissett, and with Geno Smith. If you're thinking, "Hey, I got a guaranteed starter all season," that might not be the case. Just because the Cardinals, Jets, and Dolphins, only one of them can take Ty Simpson, it doesn't mean that they're not going to want to get a look at whatever quarterback they do draft, even if it's lower capital, third or fourth round, for Draelon, for Cole Payton, or whoever. So, for me, if you have a league mate who's desperate for quarterbacks, and you want

to sell him Jacoby Brissett who just came off of a really productive season, and you can get any kind of second-round capital, to me that's just a very good process move. Selling Jacoby Brissett, even if he's your third quarterback and you don't have one behind him, I would sell him for like, let's say, the 209, and reroll him into to Draelon, or reroll him into somebody in this year's class, or send that pick at a later point in time for a quarterback that you do feel more comfortable in as far as their long-term starting output. So, for me, Jacoby Brissett is the best sell of the quarterback position of this group right now, because I do think they will take Ty Simpson at the top of the second round, and I think it'll be a matter of time, maybe even during the month of September or October, where Ty Simpson is starting games. And you probably think right now, if you have Jacoby Brissett, that he can be a very solid quarterback for you all season. And that might not be the case.

If you get a second-round pick for a guy who only starts five, six games, that is going to be a huge W for you in that trade, just from a due diligence process standpoint. Moving into the tight end position, very good tight end class, very deep tight end class in my opinion. Again, moving to the guys that are the teams that have met with a lot of tight ends, it's very clear that the Denver Broncos are in the tight end market. They've met with Stowers, Max Clark, Justin Jolly. A lot of the the top tight ends in this year's class, it looks like they're slated to spend probably a day two pick on the position. The Eagles, too. I mean, they they easily could could take Kanyon Sedeek with their first pick. They could take Eli Stowers with their second pick at 54. They also have 68 and 98. Like, very possible that they spend a high pick on him. I know that the Buccaneers often get mocked Kanyon Sedeek. I can Like, I would be shocked as a Bucs fan following the reports that I've followed, I'd be

shocked if they spend a first-round pick on Kanyon Sedeek. A, cuz they brought back Cade Otton on a three-year deal. And B, because Jason Licht has already missed on O.J. Howard in the first round, and I don't think he wants to go back to the well there. The due diligence they're doing is Max Clark, Oscar Delp, Justin Jolly, which to me tells me round three to five is when they're going to address their tight end position. So, maybe if you guys are a competitive team or a dynasty best ball league, and you want to tack on Cade Otton to the end of a deal, I don't think he's a terrible buy right now, cuz I think a lot of people are expecting them to take Sedeek, and I don't think they will. And then, again, other takeaways, maybe you want to sell on Dallas Goedert right now if people are convinced that he's going to be a a top 10 tight end again, cuz he scored a lot of touchdowns on designed touches last year. If anybody cares about Evan Engram, you could sell

him. If anybody Like, I mean, Kelce is is back, and I'm sure he's going to be the starting tight end, but it looks like the the Chiefs are a real threat to take one of these top guys, whether it's Delp, Justin Jolly, Kanyon Sedeek, even if they trade back or something. The Vikings, this is one that's interesting to me. The Vikings meeting with three tight ends, and the ones the the ones that they've met with, too, like Delp, Sedeek. I mean, they could take Sedeek at 18. It wouldn't It would be a pretty surprise pick, because they have T.J. Hockenson, but Hockenson was bad last year. He hasn't really been the same since his injury. So, another takeaway here that you could have is maybe T.J. Hockenson is a good sell candidate if people are thinking, "Hey, he's now a couple years removed from that injury, he's going to be a bounce back, they have Kyler Murray now," so on and so forth. Murray, you know, has fed Trey McBride, he loves his tight ends.

You could easily sell somebody in the DMs that T.J. Hockenson is a great buy low candidate because of his pedigree, because of what he's done in his career, and because of Kyler Murray and his usage of the tight end position. And, like I said, they could easily address the tight end position in the draft, either with Sedeek at 18, or maybe a Delp or somebody in the second, third, fourth round, something like that. So, maybe a T.J. Hockenson also a takeaway there. But again, that is the end of the video. We are basically three days, 72 hours away from the NFL draft being officially kicked off. I don't know about you guys, but I've been talking about this class for a long, long, long time is what it feels like. Every year by mid to late April, I am just so sick of the takes. I'm so sick of people overthinking good prospects. I'm so sick of people thinking they can make new opinions the week of the draft, like we didn't have four months to talk about these guys already.

So, for me, I'm very excited for this draft to get here, and I hope you guys are as well. If you want more information on the rookie class itself, of course, our Dynasty Rookie Draft Guide 2026 Wall Street Journal is live right now. 50 plus player prospect player cards that you can see on the screen right now, and a corresponding prospect video, film review of Danny and I on all the top prospects, one of us on the bottom 25 prospects or so, breaking down their film, breaking down what we saw when we actually scouted the players, and how we got to the grades that we did. That is all available in the Dynasty Wall Street Journal. 1,000 plus hours of never-before-seen film footage. For those of you guys that follow us on YouTube and watch a lot of our videos, that is a lot of content for you to binge leading up to the NFL draft. And honestly, once you're on the clock and you're deciding between two players, you can go and check out those videos as well. So, definitely check that out. We're going to do one more

live update before the draft happens on April 23rd. Thursday morning, we'll update and add a best of the rest player card that has a couple extra grades for some stragglers that we didn't get to fully in depth. And I'm going to do a best of the rest video breakdown with like five-minute segments on each player, about 10 players or 12 players that I go through there, just to cover our bases. We didn't quite get fully in depth onto all those players, but there is some information, some final grades on those. So, that'll be the final update, and then of course, after the draft, we'll have an update with landing spot stuff, with updated player cards, and all that good stuff, updated prospect model information, and everything in between. Check that out if you guys are interested. Leave a like if you enjoyed this video. Subscribe if you're new around here. But with that being said, peace out. I'll talk to you soon.
