I just did a sweeping update of my Dynasty rankings and I have 11 players today that stick out to me as huge values, guys who are skyrocketing up my rankings or just outright buys that I think are mispriced on the dynasty market right now. And a lot of these guys are particularly related to like what could happen in free agency and over the next couple of months. So, let's not waste any time. Let's get in to the first guy, which is Devonte Smith. Now, Devonte Smith, right now I have him ranked as my 62nd overall player, which includes rookie picks and future rookie picks in our rankings over on Flock Fantasy. He's my wide receiver 22. The expert ranking on the site has him wide receiver 25, 73rd overall. Devonte Smith to me is just he's such a good buy right now because for starters, he's so good. I mean, we all know how good Devonte Smith is. He is a multi-time top 24 finisher at the position. A top 10 to 15 talent in the NFL. 1,00 yards in three of his last four seasons. The only one being a

13game season in 2024, which is actually his best point per game output. 25% target share over the last four years. All with AJ Brown, an allprocaliber wide receiver on the field. AJ Brown could potentially be getting traded. It sounds like there's legitimate smoke that AJ Brown might no longer be with the Philadelphia Eagles. And over the last four years, there's only been threeish games where we have a sample of Devonte Smith being the guy. Last year in a game against the Giants in week number eight, you can see there that Devonte Smith had nine catch or nine targets, six receptions, 84 yards, and a whopping 42.9% target share in that week eight game without AJ Brown. In 2024, we had a couple of games where AJ Brown was out. In week number two and week number three, Devonte Smith 20.6 6 PPR points, 14.9 PPR points, and a 31% target share over those two games. He also missed the game against Tampa Bay, which AJ Brown was also out for. And then in 2024, again, Jacksonville in week 9, AJ Brown

was limited to just under half the snaps for that game. And Dvonte Smith posted 18.7 points per game. So, we don't have a large sample of Devonte Smith being the guy. I get it. But we do know he's one of the best receivers in the league. If AJ Brown gets dealt, which I expect him to at some point this off season, Smith will legitimately, and I'm not exaggerating here, be ranked as a top 12 reddraft receiver for me going into 2026. Depending on what else the Eagles do, I would imagine if they trade AJ Brown, they'll probably draft like a Denzel Boston or something like that in the NFL draft. Even still, I would treat Devonte Smith as a legitimate legitimate wide receiver, one top five wide receiver upside candidate in 2026 because I think he's that good. He's just 27 years old and he is routinely an underrated and disrespected player in the NFL. I also for each one of these 11 players do have some potential trades for you to go and send out. I think sending off guys like Alec Pierce from

Andre Stevenson, guys who had nice closes to the season and trying to get up to a Dvonte Smith makes sense. Using a guy like Tyler Algier in a second round pick makes sense because he could get a contract in free agency. I'll actually talk about him later. And then a guy like Jaylen Warren again that first trade seems like a lot. Amecha Ibuka and Javvante Williams. Devonte Smith and Amecha Ibuka are, you know, relatively far apart in terms of my dynasty wide receiver rankings because of age, but if you're a contending team, I don't think that Smith for Igbuka is that outrageous of a trade down. And the pick 105 would be either Fernando Mendoza, Jordan Tyson, or one of those other top receivers for me. And I think that uh, you know, would be the most I'd be willing to pay for Devonte Smith. But ideally, you could get him for like cheaper spare parts like Alec Pearson a two or something like that. Those are the types of trades I'm looking to make. So, getting into the next player, I have

Belle Tutin, running back of the Jacksonville Jaguars. Now, this one's a little bit more of a sketchy purchase because Belle Tutin is my 104th overall player, running back 23 in my rankings. Now, I am baking in some legit legit upside that he could be the starting running back or at least be competing for the starting running back job in 2026 for the Jacksonville Jags. Now, Toutin coming out of Virginia Tech was a raw player. He was a guy that needed some time to develop and I think you saw the flashes. you saw some positive things from his rookie season that could instill uh you know some legitimate belief by the coaching staff that he could be the starting running back here. Now, Travis ETN would need to leave the team for Belle Tutin to realize the kind of upside that I'm baking into his current price right now because Belle Tutin obviously if you know another running back were brought in or they draft a running back high he would probably not be worth this but it does sound like through all the smoke that

we're hearing ETN is probably going to leave in free agency. That that box is pretty much checked in my opinion otherwise we probably would have seen a lot more smoke that he could be resigned. Number two outcome that we could have here is that ETN leaves, but the Jacksonville Jaguars make a big play for Kenneth Walker. Bree Hall sounds like he's going to be transition tag, so he probably won't be available on open market. Javvante Williams just resigned with the Cowboys, so that leaves like Kenneth Walker, like I said, a Tyler Algier type. Maybe they bring in somebody like that and give them significant money. But to me, the most likely scenario is that they bring in a player to compete with Belleuton. And I believe in Bshell Tutin, the prospect about exactly a year ago from now. I talked about him as the biggest sleeper in the 2025 NFL draft cycle. I think it's going to be a Rico Dattle, a Rashad White, who of course has ties to Liam Cohen, the head coach there, because he

coached him in Tampa Bay. If that happens, I think Tuton was, you know, because he was a raw prospect and he probably learned a lot. He can legitimately win out this job and that would be a major vote of confidence from the coaching staff and from the GM. remember as a prospect that this was a player who was an RB2 dude comparable to Devon Achan, James Cook types and the GM James Gladstone. When he got the job, he pitched ownership to draft by Shell Tutin months before the NFL draft. So, this is a player that ownership and the coaching staff could be very high on and I want to bake that into his price. Again, it's a gamble. He definitely could be replaced by Kenneth Walker in free agency or maybe they add a second round running back in the draft or something. But I believe in Bael Tutin's talent. And I would say league dependent, he's a really good buy. If the person in your league who rosters Belle Tutin wants like the 2011 for him or something, then I would say that's

probably a steep price to pay because he could lose value. But if they only want Pat Bryan in a third or a two and a three projected mid to late or they want Jacobe Myers and Shawn Tucker, Woody Mark straight up, that's the price tag I'd be looking to get on Belle Tutin because I do think there's a legitimate possibility in this run scheme in this offense, he could be a three down back by year two, year three of his NFL career. Next up, I have Jaden Higgins. Now, Ton and Higgins are both kind of similar in the fact that you could call their rookie seasons, let's say, C++ or something along the lines of like, yeah, they were good, but they didn't really lose or gain any value. And I guess my argument for Jaden Higgins and Toutin is that I saw a lot in their limited opportunities to the point that because they were both some players that needed some development, I feel like year two could be a lot better for them. Now, I have Jaden Higgins as my 103rd overall player, wide receiver, 33 in my dynasty

rankings. Expert rankings have him at 36 at wide receiver, 110 overall among all, you know, positions, players, and draft picks. Higgins was a great prospect, and that kind of is why I'm in on Tutin as well. Ironically, given his draft capital, he actually bared a striking resemblance to T. Higgins in the prospect model between his model grade, his draft capital, etc. And week eight onward, you can see once he actually started running a full aotment of routes, he averaged 21% targets per out run. We saw some big plays, some downfield shots, 9.3 PPR points per game. Both top 40 marks from that point onward despite only running 64% of the team's routes. Now, top 36 wide receiver in more than half those games. Posted a a 10-target game versus the Patriots in the playoffs the last time we saw him play in that divisional round game. This is a full off season now. Christian Kirk's a free agent. I think he's going to clear number two on the team in routes very easily. And who knows, maybe

CJ Strad can make a comeback. Nico Collins is seemingly always hurt, which would also factor in for why I kind of like Jaden Higgins long term. I wouldn't shock me if a year or two down the road, it's possible that Jaden Higgins develops into a number one wide receiver in the NFL. Now, again, Jaden Higgins little bit of a, you know, disappointingish rookie season. But when you factor in, you know, some of his comps like his teammate Nico Nico Collins, Michael Gallup, some of those type of dudes, I do think there's a very good chance that Jaden Higgins is much better in year two. And again, it's all about price with this dude. If you can get him for a mid to late projected second right now, if you can get him for Parker Washington plus, like you could probably get Jaden Higgins plus for Washington based on his price right now. If you can get him for two threes and a young upside piece, if you can sell an older wide receiver like a Mike Evans for a Jaden Higgins, that is kind of the

price point that I'm in on him at, I don't really want to be trading for him if he's going to cost me like first round draft capital assets. But if you can get him for a discount because people are kind of worried or disappointed with what he did as a rookie, I think that all makes sense. Now we got Christian Watson. So Christian Watson is my 109th overall player, wide receiver, 36. Experts have him at 42 among wide receivers, 119 overall at all players there. Week eight onward, Christian Watson, again keep in mind he was coming off of a torn ACL. Averaged 13.2 PPR points per game. Now Watson's a little bit older given the fact that he's only what, a year four wide receiver last year and uh he was a dude that came out a little bit older, but his comps are pretty intriguing, man. You got DK Mechaf there. You can see Christian Kirk, Tyler Lockett, Adam Thielen, etc. Christian Watson was great when he was on the field. His season paced out to a thousand yards and 10 touchdowns if he had played a full seven

uh 17 games only on 94 targets as well. In back-to-back seasons with Christian Watson, we're looking at a guy who averaged over 2.5 yards per run. He set a careerhigh this season with 19.9% team target share. And again, keep in mind that he was not a full-time player the whole time. He was coming back from an injury. he was running a lighter a lotment of routes. And Romeo Dobs, who has led the team in targets the last two seasons, is set to leave in free agency. It sounds like they're not going to resign him. And of course, he is an outside wide receiver, which would open up routes, open up opportunity for Christian Watson. This Packers wide receiver/tight end room has talent. We don't know if it's going to be Golden, Reed, Watson, or Craft once he's healthy. But I think that that Watson could be setting up to be the dude here because right now my bet is firmly on him because of Jordan Love's play style. He likes to stretch the field because of how Christian Watson looked one year

removed from an ACL tear. He'll be now two years removed from that ACL tear and likely no Romeo Dobs anymore. I am very excited about Christian Watson's output and what he could end up doing going forward. If you could sell again a mid mid to late second round pick for him. Tyler Shuck, I think there's going to be plenty of people that would prefer Tyler Shuck. If you can get Watson plus for Tyler Shuck in a Superflex league right now, I think that's fair. David Montgomery, if you could sell for Watson. Anybody in that like Montgomery territory as far as like a competitive asset like a a Jacobe Meyers or maybe you can sell Courtland Sutton for Christian Watson plus a two for a three swap or something like that. That is how I'd be looking to acquire Christian Watson because he is going to have more value to those of you guys who play in like deeper PPR leagues as opposed to those of you who play in like start seven leagues. He's probably less valuable in formats like that. But we've

seen really the spike week potential in a good matchup. You can feel comfortable starting this guy, especially with Craft coming off of the ACL tear. And of course, Jaden Reed has not been able to stay healthy in his career. Matthew Golden didn't show a lot as a rookie. It wouldn't shock me if Christian Watson was a 25% target share guy for Jordan Love with a downfield and red zone presence. Moving in to the next guy that we have, I got Shoua Hubard, running back of the Carolina Panthers. A guy that is kind of currently rising in my rankings based on some recent comments. We heard the GM come out and say that they feel confident that he can be a lead back. And I do think that's going to be the plan because Carolina has a little bit more needs, I would say, than the running back position. They drafted Jonathan Brooks in the top 40 overall picks two years ago. He is now two years removed from that second ACL tear that he suffered in 2024. Chuba Hubard was RB 13 in points per game that season. He

was a legit difference-making running back in fantasy. He definitely did not have a great year in 2025. We didn't see that same level of explosiveness, the same level of kind of like volume carrying ability and he eventually lost his job and kind of regained it back later to Rico Dattle. Now, this position at running back is volume is king, right? Especially when you're a guy like Chuba Hubard who can carry a big workload, who's been doing it dating back to his college career. It's an ascending offense, an ascending offensive line, in my opinion, ascending quarterback and weapons group in general. My expectation is that the only backfield competition that will be for Chuba Hubard is currently in the backfield, Jonathan Brooks and Trevor ETN. Second round pick, Jonathan Brooks, again, very talented, very, you know, high upside player, but we don't know what he's going to look like two years removed from the ACL tear. I actually like taking a shot on both of these

Carolina running backs at cost because you can kind of play it through Chuba Hubard if you're a contender. you could probably get a one-year rental Allah JK Dobbins of 2025 or you know some of those types of players like a Tyrone Tracy was last year where you know he's probably going to get the volume next season or if you're a rebuilding team you want to play it through Jonathan Brooks I definitely understand that as well. I think we're going to see a split backfield both of these guys going relatively close in terms of reddraft ADP this year but I think the weeks 1 to 10 range is where Chuba Hoverard could really shine and be a top 15 to 20 running back in fantasy who is really cheap right now. Now, if you're a competitive team and you were hoping to get a running back with your 207, well, guess what? It's not a very good running back class. So, you could probably sell that 207 straight up for Chuba Hubard. He could be your third, fourth, fifth running back, whatever you need for your

fantasy team to be competitive in 2026. And again, I do think that the Panthers will not be in the running back sweep stakes. I don't think they're going to be drafting a running back high. I don't think they're going to be spending big money on the running back position. I think they feel comfortable in Shuba Hubard. They already have a lot invested into this position group between the draft capital of Brooks and the the money of Hubard. So, I think that they're probably going to roll with the guys they have. Maybe they throw a low-end guy to the back of their bench, but Shuba Hover to me, if you can get him for Isaiah likely or Jaylen Null plus or Tyreek Hill, again, an asset who's an aging player who you don't know h how to feel about in terms of what he can represent for you if it's just a pure who would you rather have for your flex next season. I would rather have Chuba Hubard than Tyreek Hill. And even if Tyreek goes to like the Chiefs or something, he's coming off a major

injury and he's very old as a player. So, moving into the next guy that we have here, truly one of my favorite players in the NFL, Tyler Algier. He's he's a great player, and I have him a 117 overall, RB25. The experts have him at RB30, 138 overall. Now, because he's such a great player, because it bodess super well for all NFL teams to have a guy like Tyler Algier on their roster, and we have a down running back class. Bree Hall is probably off the market with the transition tag. Javvante Williams just went to the Dallas Cowboys on a three-year deal. the running back position in free agency could dry up quickly. And I think that once Kenneth Walker domino drops, once Travis ETN domino drops, Tyler Algier, in my opinion, is the third most appealing free agent option, excluding Bree Hall and Javvante Williams. So Tyler Algier to me, he is going to be the type of guy that a team can really convince themselves, hey, we're going to give this guy three by 17 and he's going to

be our starter for the next two seasons. The last time we saw him as a starter was his rookie year when he rushed 210 times, 1,035 yards, three touchdowns on over 4.9 yards per carry. I think that there's a very good chance that Tyler Algier gets a starting job in free agency. He is one of the only running backs in the NFL over the last two seasons to have graded as a top 12 running back by PFF more than once. So this is a guy that is very productive, very efficient, and as we know, Bejon managers, he can do some damage in the red zone. If Washington, Kansas City, Houston, to name a few, want a starting running back on the cheap who can carry a workload 250 plus times and get the goal line work, I could see Tyler Algier legitimately being a top 15 fantasy running back next year. It's all going to depend where he goes. Could he go to like the Lions to play the Montgomery role? The Broncos to be a spell for Harvey, Chicago to replace DeAndre Swift, Jacksonville maybe to replace Travis ETN? There's a number of

different possibilities. The nuts to me is Houston where he could be a full-time Joe Mixon caliber workhorse or he could be, you know, the starter for Washington or Kansas City. But there's so many fits out there. There's not enough running backs to go around. There's only one Jeremiah Love. There's only one Bree Hall. There's only one Kenneth Walker. And then after that, Travis ETN, Javvante went back to the Dallas Cowboys. You're going to start to dry up as far as startable running backs in the NFL. And I think that Algier is like a top five available running back option this season. I would rather pay Tyler Algier 3 by 17 or 3x 20 then draft Jadarian Price or Jonah Coleman in the second round. As much as I like those two prospects, I think you could allocate that that resource better by spending low money to get a starting caliber back in Tyler Algier. And from a fantasy perspective and a dynasty perspective, you could very easily pay, you know, the 205 for Tyler Algier right

now, the 208 for Tyler Algier right now. This trade very interesting. You sell off Quinch Judkins in the injury risk. You get Algier in the 104 back. I think that would also make some sense. And I would be willing to pay really upwards of two late projected seconds for Tyler Algier if I absolutely had to. Maybe getting a third back on top of it like you see in that first deal. Next up, I have Troy Franklin. Now, Franklin's a guy that I've been very in on Algier as well. These are kind of my guys generally speaking, but Troy Franklin 125th overall in my rankings. Wide receiver 46. Experts have him at wide receiver 54, 152nd overall. Troy Franklin was born on February 6, 2003. Do you know how many wide receivers in this class have the same birth year as Troy Franklin? Elijah Serat, Omar Cooper, Denzel Boston, a number of other guys in this class. And yet Troy Franklin already has proven production in the NFL. 10.42 PPR points per game this season. From week seven onward, he was a top 27 scoring wide receiver in

fantasy. And he was comparable to his teammate as far as like Courtland Sutton versus Troy Franklin. Courtland Sutton 13.3 points per game. Uh Troy Franklin 11.7 points per game. Sutton, who's 30 years old right now and had a 20% targets per run versus Troy Franklin's 23% targets per run. Is this is a situation where there's open targets long term. I don't expect the Denver Broncos to pick a wide receiver super high. I don't expect the Denver Broncos to go out and trade for like an AJ Brown or something like that. I do think they like the guys that they have in house, whether it's Pat Bryant, Sutton, all these dudes. And Franklin is super super young. Really showed a lot of upside last season as a big play threat. You saw the inconsistencies in terms of his route diet, in terms of the plays that he was able to make on a given week. But he's a really young player. Like I said, Serat Cooper, Denzel Boston, all rookies in this class who are the same age as Troy Franklin. Franklin could have

played another two years in college and be eligible for this year's draft. And I'm sure we would be talking about him as a top five wide receiver prospect in this class. So he's also dating back to his prospect profile the highest graded wide receiver in my model since 2016 to ever be selected on day three. So this is a dude that is comparable to some of the best day three prospects we've seen from Aman Ross St. Brown, Puka Nua, Khalil Shakir, all the guys that you see there. Troy Franklin graded higher than any of them because he has a legitimate production profile and he was super young coming out. Definitely was really raw, but he has really developed his game since being in the NFL. And of course, we know he's been playing with Bon Knicks for years. He played two years with him at Oregon and of course now in Denver, he's been playing with them. If you can get Troy Franklin as an add-on to a trade now, like would I sell the 204 for Troy Franklin? No. But would

I sell a late second for him or a mid to late second for him? Yes. And my favorite use of Troy Franklin is tearing down, picking up a second round pick and having him tacked on to the back of the deal. Like let's say you could sell Ricky Pieraw right now for the 202 in Troy Franklin. That's the type of deal I would be looking to make. Maybe you can sell Troy Franklin straight for Elkio Manor, Jerry Judy, or some of these other like uh depreciating assets like a Jerry Judy who once was a big name who you could probably cash out on for a 23-year-old player who just finished as a top 40 wide receiver and was a top 27 wide receiver when he was getting the routes and when he was getting the targets there. So, moving into another Denver Broncos player, I got JK Dobbins. Now, Dobbins has been good the last two years. Nobody can deny and again another my guy of mine that JK Dobbins is a good running back. He just is when he's healthy. He hasn't been healthy very much uh you know in the month of

November, December most seasons, but 138th overall is where I have him ranked. RB 32 in my rankings. He is an unrestricted free agent this season. I do think similar to Algier, it's possible that a team looks at him as a good stop gap running back. What if JK Dobbins goes to the Jags, the Lions, the Bears, one of those teams that could use like a guy in their backfield to compete with their current guy in their backfield. I think that Dobbins could definitely do that. If you look at his efficiencies this year, the Broncos were a top five offensive line in football. Yes. But JK Dobbins ranked fourth in the NFL out of 51 qualified backs in rush yards over expected. You know where R.J. Harvey ranked? 48th out of 51. So he was by far the better runner of the two running backs. And I actually would love him to go back to Denver if Denver strikes out on bigger names or whatever. I think that JK Dobbins just bringing him back and using him and R.J. Harvey in tandem. Dobbins would be the guy that

I would like at cost and R.J. Harvey would be a little overvalued for me. This is a top 18 graded running back per PFF, a top six running back in the NFL with 5.0 yards per carry last year in Los Angeles. He was a top 17 fantasy running back in Denver before getting an inj uh getting his injury. He was a top 24 PPR point per game running back. So for me, number one, he's too good. He's too cheap. And number two, I actually expect Denver to strike out on running backs and resign him. So that's kind of why I'm interested in Dobbins in the same role he was in last year. I think he can definitely do some damage for your fantasy teams. And again, there was people selling late first round capital for this guy when he was producing at the beginning of last season. And he's available probably for thirds right now. At least very very late seconds and throwin type of offers is what I would be sending for Dobbins at the moment. Now, let's get into a very buzzy name at this moment in time. Malik Willis. Malik

Willis is the definition of a boomer trade target because 94th overall QB2 is where I have him ranked. I would rather have Malik Willis. started off with some with some hot takes here. I would rather have Malik Willis in Dynasty than JJ McCarthy. I would rather have Malik Willis in Dynasty than Michael Pennix. I would rather have Malik Willis in Dynasty than Kyler Murray, Daniel Jones, Matthew Stafford and all the like because you know what the upside is for Malik Willis if he gets a big contract which it by all indications he's going to get 30 plus million per year to start for the Dolphins or the Cardinals or the Browns or whatever team wants to actually pay him that contract. If he is a multi-year starter, we're talking about a guy who is going to be a top 15 reddraft quarterback who if he is a franchise quarterback, and again, keep in mind, Malik Willis coming out of Liberty, needed a lot of development, needed a lot of reps. He's been marinating in a really good system in in

Green Bay. He's looked good when he's gotten opportunities. And more importantly for fantasy football, he runs like a madman. He is one of the best runners of the football at the quarterback position in the NFL. He is as good as Lamar as Jaden Daniels at running the football. So Malik Willis, if he's gonna start with the Cardinals or with the Dolphins or one of these teams, I think that he is legitimately worth any late first round capital that you can send for him right now. You can see some of the trades on the on the screen there. 110 and 210 for Malik Willis Algier in third. I think that's a good trade. A late second for for Malik Willis's baby food. Like I said, I'd rather have Malik Willis straight up over J.J. McCarthy right now cuz even if JJ McCarthy hits, which is super unlikely. It sounds like they're going to go after like M. Jones or some of the other quarterback options uh in Minnesota, Malik Willis, if he hits, is a much bigger and more consequential hit

than JJ McCarthy if he hits. So, I'm going to take the risk on Malik Willis. Let's say he flames out 40 50% of the time. Sure, I will take a coin flip at a top 10 startup asset because that's what Malik Willis would be if he ends up hitting. He becomes a franchise quarterback. Allah Kyler Murray in his prime or something like that. We're talking about a legit first round caliber startup asset and you can get him right now for early to mid-sec round capital or as a throwin to a deal or you can trade off of a bad quarterback option like like if you got offered CJ Strad if somebody offered me CJ Strad from Malik Wilson a two, I'd rather have Malik Wilson a two. Like that's how much I believe in the upside of Malik Willis because CJ Shroud even when he's been good is producing a top 15 scoring quarterback week like 35% of the time. He's not a great fantasy quarterback whereas Malik Willis when he's starting is a great fantasy quarterback. So moving in to the last two guys that I

have here. Both of them are tight ends. I'll just buzz through these guys. Daltton Concaid who I have tight end 9 116th overall. That is about 10 spots higher than the experts and one tight end spot higher than the experts as well on the site here. Dalton Concincaid when you look at his metrics here, 3.02 yards per out run. Let's start there. Second in yards per out run or yards per reception, sorry, with over 14 yards per reception this season. Of course, we know he plays with Josh Allen. He's entering his prime. He's 26 years old. He's on the pre precipice of like a legit mega breakout season. I think he could have a top three to five season assuming he stays healthy because he has the touchdown upside. Dawson Knox could be a cap casualty and once that happens, Daltton Concade is going to rise in value meteorically in my opinion. This could be a late round tight end. Let's say he's tight end seven to 10 off the board or seven to 12 off the board in reddraft this year that knocks out a top

three to five season and ends up being one of the biggest league winners in fantasy and you can get him right now for like George KD who's coming off of a torn AC uh a torn Achilles sorry Courtland Sutton. I would rather have Dalton Concade. You could probably tear down from a number of other tight ends or just trade in early to mid-second round or straight up in any kind of tight end premium for Concaid. And then another option that I like is Isaiah likely. Now last year he was coming into the season with a foot injury. He was so not healthy the entire season, but in 2024, he was one of the best tight ends in football, man. He was a top 10 graded tight end in the league, 14th in yards for outr run despite not being the number one tight end on his team. Mark Andrews ran the most routes and number two being in a low pass volume offense. Isaiah likely reminds me so much of Dallas Goddard. When Dallas Goddard finally was rided of Zack Z, we started to get some really productive seasons

out of Dallas GD. And I will go out on a limb here and say that 26-year-old Isaiah Likely, if he gets the money in free agency, if he gets a nice contract with a good team, I could see him sneakily being one of the best tight ends in football. I actually think he's one of the best 5 to 10 tight ends in the league at receiving the ball. Now, does that result in a full-time role? That's remains to be seen, but it wouldn't shock me if a team goes out there and pays him top five tight end money because they want to use him as a receiving weapon. Whether it's like my Tampa Bay Buccaneers who could lose Kate Autton. Denver Broncos could cut Evan Ingram. Houston Texans could cut Dalton Schultz. Tennessee Titans could use him. Uh New York Giants maybe reunites with John Harbaugh. There's a couple of teams that make sense for Isaiah likely. And for me, he probably cost you a third round pick at most right now. And it wouldn't shock me if he ends up being every week starter this season for

Fantasy at the tight end position. And again, he's only 26 years old. He was a really solid prospect and he's been super efficient when he's gotten opportunities. The problem for Isaiah Likely is that he's been playing with Mark Andrews who at his peak was an allp procaliber tight end. And Isaiah likely has not been able to stay on the field the last year or so. He was really really banged up this season and of course we know when he's been the starter because you know there was games that Andrews was out for. He is an every week starter for fantasy. So if he's a starting tight end for a team, I think we're looking at an every starter for fantasy football purposes. So those are 11 players to buy right now that I think are values skyrocketing up my rankings. I don't actually know what I'm going to title this video at this point in time, but guys that I'm going after, guys that I would feel good about if they're on my roster. If I don't have them, I'm

sending offers. If I do have them, I feel very good about them. So, uh, if you enjoyed this video, leave a like down below. I did survive Mexico. A couple people reached out to me with all the stuff going on in Porto Verta. I was in the East Coast, so I was totally fine um where I was located. But, uh, yeah, appreciate you guys for reaching out. Like the video if you enjoyed. Subscribe if you're new around here. If you guys want to check out the Dynasty Rookie draft guide, it is now live. 25 plus player profiles and our brand new video draft guide. 700 plus minutes, 12 plus hours of never-before-seen footage of us breaking down film of the top 25 rookies in the draft class. Going to have updates to the draft guide coming after the combine, which is this weekend. And in the middle of March, we're going to add another 15 players. And by the end of April, when the draft actually hits, we're going to have 50 plus players. After the draft is over, we're going to add draft guide reaction videos to

landing spots and draft capital and all that good stuff. I'm sure you guys are very excited to check out. So, that will be linked down below in the pin comment if you want to check it out. Promo code FSE over on flockfantasy.com gets you a free annual live team review when you sign up annually there. And we are in the process of building a new product that will be an annual uh motherflocker uh perk as well. If you have your annual review voucher, maybe don't use it quite yet because we're gonna have a better version of it coming out very, very soon. Really appreciate you guys for the support over there. flock fantasy.com, promo code FSE. But with that being said, peace out. I'll talk to you soon.
