This is our top 12 initial Superflex rookie rankings. We're going to go from 1 to 12 here talking about these players. We have now diagnosed the tape. Watched it all. The first edition of our rookie draft guide is now live. A video draft guide. 700 plus minutes, 12 plus hours of never-before-seen footage here. Film review of us breaking these guys down. And we're going to share our findings with you guys in a little compact form to give you guys a first rendition, first edition of our Superflex rookie rankings. Danny, I'm fired up for this one. Let's kick it off with who both of us have as the 101 in the class undisputed after grading 25 players. >> Yeah, and I guess you can say that we love Jeremiah Love cuz holy crap, you turn on this guy's film and he is an absolute hos, man. 6 foot, 214 lbs, prototype size. And man, he to us graded a little lower than what Genty was last year, but he's not far off, man. 935 from me, 93 from you. And the main traits that I really love in his

translation to the next level are specifically that he profiles into a true three down back. The receiving versatility to be able to line up in the slot, run routes at all three levels, arrogant hands at the catch point, and then when you combine that with the fact that he just has the natural instincts and ability to slash between the tackles. My comp for was a guy like Matt Fore. You went even a little bit loftier. Your comp was a m a prime Todd gurly. Yeah, cuz when you look at Jeremiah Love and the reason that analytically he grades out a little better than Genty versus on film we thought Genty was a little bit better is on film, you know, Gent's breaking tackles left and right, the contact balance was insane. But with Jeremiah Love, everything he does at a high level, the 107 high school 100 meter dash speed that he has, the receiving versatility, like you said, all of that stuff translates to fantasy points. He has the ability to go through you, go around you, run past you, and work

around you as a receiver and take anything to the house. That is every recipe, every cocktail for the elite fantasy football running backs in the NFL. You think of what Christian McCaffrey does, Saquon Barkley does. Jonathan Taylor does even obviously more receiving upside than a guy like Jonathan Taylor. Jeremiah Love has everything. He has it all. He is a top five, maybe top three dynasty running back today, this instant before I even know what team he goes to because I am confident he is going to be a top 10 NFL draft pick. Most of the top NFL draft scouts, Dane Bugler, Daniel Jeremiah, etc. He's a top two to three player in this class regardless of position. >> Yeah, and you guys saw it on the prospect uh profile there, but the expected 1 to3 PPR points per game, 20.71 would have ranked as the RB5 in PPR formats last year. So, it's clearcut. This guy profiles to be a high-end running back one at the next level. And he is very well worth that 101. And as you'll see, there's a pretty big tier

gap. Like, again, as much as I love the next few players, I think Jeremiah Love has to be the 101 in every single league. >> Yeah. And obviously, you guys can see the player card here. This is the initial kind of player cards in the draft guide. We got 25 prospects, graded, strengths, weaknesses, draft capital, FSE, prospect model comps, all in there. And as you can see, it says prospect video for Jeremiah Love. And the reason it says that is cuz that little play button when you get to the draft guide, you can click on it and it brings you to me and Danny breaking down the film. How we got to 13 out of 15 for uh 13.5 out of 15 or uh for contact balance. How did we get to 15 out of 15 for receiving ability? We give you all of the insight. Instead of doing writeups like we did last year, we did 700 plus minutes, 12 plus hours of video coverage of all of these players in the first edition of the draft guide. And we'll continue to chug along through the rest of the class as well. Yeah, a ton

of clips from the all 22 that we broke down and that was a ton of fun to be able to accomplish and don't worry, there's a ton more coming >> for sure. So, let's get into the next tier of players, which is both of our wide receiver ones. We do have different wide receiver ones in this class. We can start with mine, Mai Lemon, wide receiver from the University of Southern California. Similar reasoning I would say for like the analytical Jeremiah Love over Genty take is why I have Mai Lemon ranked over Carnell tape because I think everything that NFL's PPR wide receiver one accomplishes in today's NFL is what Mai Lemon's biggest strengths are. You see the magnetic hands on film zone beating ability which 65 to 80% of his coverages in the NFL will be zone coverage. He's excellent after the catch. He was used at all three levels of the field. I love the toughness. I love the like he's just a bulldog. That's the best way I can describe him as a receiver. The cons are like, okay,

he played in the slot. He's a little bit unproven versus press, but like Jackson Smith and Jigbbo, which was my pro comparison. A Monro St. Brown, a former Trojan, your comparison. Even if he is just a slot receiver in the NFL, you can be a PPR top five wide receiver. And like Jackson Smith and Jigba, there's room to grow beyond that slot projection by year three of JSN's career. As we just saw, offensive player of the year, playing at all three levels on the outside. Corey, what are the three fundamental pieces of playing NFL wide receiver? >> Get open, catch the football, do something with it. >> And that's what he checks every single box for cuz like you said, very, very strong yak ability. The hands are absolutely gorgeous on a 5'11, 190 pounder. The fact that, you know, at the goal line in the end zone, got to have it. Two guys on him. He's able to rise over the top and come down with some contested catches. I remember specifically against the Illinois game,

the Michigan game. He's high pointing the football better than some of the 6'2, 63, 6'4 wide receivers in this class. >> Yeah. And we would love to show you these film clips. Unfortunately, YouTube's not going to allow us to do that, which is why we did the film review in the video draft guide. So, um, Mai Lemon, there's not not really much else to say. Just picture a young Jackson Smith and Jigba, a young Amanra St. Brown. And analytically, we are talking almost exactly identical prospect to Jackson Smith and Jigba. In fact, he's very close. If he gets top 10 NFL draft capital, he will be closer to CD Lamb than he will be to Jackson Smith and Jigba. And if you recall, CD Lamb had to play in the slot in his rookie season. And even now, CD Lamb plays in the slot almost half the time. Yeah. And it helps, of course, like with Dallas this year contextually, you have a big ex wide receiver like Pickkins, you can move CD Lamb across the formation. I do think even if Mai Lemon were to land

with the Giants and maybe you use Malik Neighbors as your prototypical outside wide receiver, he would fit like a glove. So, Mai Lemon, uh, he was close to my wide receiver one, but the guy that I had listed at one is Carnell Tate of the Ohio State Buckeyes. And as a Michigan fan, this paid me to, you know, hype up an Ohio State Buckeye, but I turn on the film, man. And this is the prototype ex wide receiver at the next level. You guys see the comp there. I don't even think I'm being hyperbolic. This guy reminds me of Devonte Adams, the threelevel ability, the ability at the catch point, 87% uh% contested catch rate this year. and we truly saw him break out on all three levels. The fact of the matter is, you can tell this guy's been working with Brian Hartline, been working with those NFL wide receivers in that Ohio State core, and I truly think he's next up, man. I would not be shocked if this guy was the wide receiver one in dynasty after his second season. >> Yeah, we're talking about George

Pickkins with first round capital, top 10 capital. We're talking about T. Higgins with first round capital. Drake London, a good example of what this profile looks like when you get that top 10 draft capital. Yeah, this dude, the only weaknesses that I saw from him on film is like, okay, he's probably not going to run in the four- threes, maybe even the four fours. Yards after catch-wise, that affected a little bit where he's not going to break away from defenses and whatnot. And then the year 1 to2 production. I mean, you're playing with J, you're playing with Marvin Harrison Jr., you're playing with Amecha Ibuka, you're playing with Jeremiah Smith, all of these guys who are exceptional five-star athletes, fivestar first round. Like Jeremiah Smith is gonna be a top three pick in next year's draft. like th this dude not having year 1 to2 production as a former fivestar recruit himself is very forgivable when you watch the tape and when you look at the profile and how good the profile is

despite not having that year 1 to2 production you can see there analytically a 90th percentile total trait-wise 93rd percentile total his FSE grade 97th percentile just under the likes of a guy like Drake London this is still an exceptional prospect it's not just which casting away the lack of production year 1 to2 >> and some people will be like Well, how are you going to rank a guy who was never the one on his own team as your wide receiver one going into the 2026 draft? And all I'll say to that is that's like getting mad at Devonte Adams for not being the number one on a team with Julio Jones. >> Yeah. Not to mention too, like Jackson Smith and Jigbbo was Yes. He outproduced Garrett Wilson, Chris Ave that one year. But it's not like you can look at him and go, he was never the number one exceiver taking number one corner reps. Like in today's NFL, NFL coaching staffs are so creative. They can move guys around the formation. I actually do think Carnell Tate would really benefit

from playing 45% of his snaps inside the slot if he goes to the Browns, the team that desperately needs a number one receiver. The Titans, a team that desperately needs a number one wide receiver. I think there's guys out there that can use him in creative ways. You can see at the bottom right there, we have potential fits. I list Tennessee, you list Tennessee, you have the Chiefs, also a really good fit for him. Uh both of us list the New York Giants. Part of it is like where is he going to get drafted as well? We're factoring in some of the landing spots. I also love Washington as a potential landing spot for him as well. There is so much to be excited about with these two receivers and from a dynasty perspective. Mai Lemon, Carnell Tate, we're talking about the minute they get drafted, I'm taking both of them over Acha, Ibuka. I think it's a toss up between Tedaroa, McMillan, those like top 10 dynasty wide receivers that that's where you're going to start to have the conversation with

these guys because they're going to get top 10 capital and they're exceptional prospects. >> Yeah. And I even think you can make the argument higher. Like honestly, if we're going into it, the ammonine, Brown, Drake, London range, you could very well make the case the minute they're drafted in the top five to 10 of the NFL draft, they're at least in that tier. Now, obviously, you take the proven production, sure, that's perfectly fine. But if you wanted to say, "Hey, I want to bet on the 22-year-old top 10 pick that I think could be at that level as soon as their rookie seasons, I wouldn't fault you, man. The the top four in this class is truly special." >> Yeah. And Tate was, if I could sell the the film draft guide anymore, >> Carnell Tate was the one guy that I was like totally floored with how good the film is. You need to watch our video breakdown of him. Like he he just he has the Brian Hartline Ohio U Ohio State wide receiver U fundamentals down pat.

Like you just don't see wide receivers, especially not ones who were really productive until their junior season who are still only 21 years old, move the way he does, run routes the way he does, frame up defenders the way he does. That is a a direct reflection of Brian Hart's coaching. Honestly, like it's the reason Carnell Tate as a five-star athlete looked a little bit raw his first two years and all of a sudden this year put it all together. >> And I'm really excited to see what it looks like at the next level because it's a testament to his work ethic, man. working behind those NFL Ohio State wide receivers, fighting for scraps in terms of playing time and having that all cong or all end up translating into this breakout season. I can assure you what outside of maybe five to seven total NFL wide receivers, he probably played with a better one in college. >> Yeah. No, that's how good Jeremiah is. Um let's talk about Fernando Mendoza who I would imagine some people would say

I'm going to take him at 102 because he's a quarterback, right? Superflex league quarterback who's going to get first overall pick draft capital going to Clint Kubak's Raiders with Genty with Bowowers in place with some other pieces that they still need to build around the offensive line. But schematically, I mean, we just saw Clint Kubak carry Sam Darnold to a Super Bowl. Obviously, Darnold's a good quarterback, but I would say a lot of that was coaching and talent around him. Fernando Mendoza is a guy that I view in the lens of the Bo Knicks, Jordan Love, Jackson Dart territory of Dynasty quarterback rankings right now because there were some shortcomings on on film. He had some deep accuracy issues. I saw um pressure to sack rate was pretty high. He was um you know not going to be the most um stone cold under pressure at times. Sometimes he got a little flustered, looked down at his feet, looked at the pressure and got sacked. Scrambled drill-wise, I think he was a

little quick to to run instead of keeping his eyes up. He's more of a passer than a runner as a a profile archetype, which from a fantasy perspective, ideally we would love him to be Jaden Daniels, but he's not. But the accuracy, the ball placement, he's so decisive, so smart, intangibles are off the charts, leadership off the charts, pocket presence off the charts. Very solid arm talent akin to like a Joe Burrow. I think he can make all of the throw the throws minus like the Josh Allen kind of throws that only aliens can make. And out of structure- wise, you do see some minor limitations, but generally we're looking at Jared Goff plus some mobility. Uh you have a young Dak Prescott listed here. And analytically, he's a foundational quarterback and and he's right below the the the mark of like a Jared Goff. So, he's not quite to the level of Caleb Williams or Trevor Lawrence or Andrew Luck or Joe Burrow as a prospect, but I would say Jared Goff, Bryce Young, those

type of first overall pick caliber prospects is right in the range of where Fernando Mendoza grades in the model and what I think about him as well. >> Yeah, and you have to be special to get the Dak Prescott uh comp for me specifically. uh specifically as a leader uh the toughness on third downs. Like I when we were doing the film review when you guys go on the site and check it out, I actually pulled a play in the national championship when he dives over the top, scores that rushing touchdown and a money down against Miami. And I likened it to that third and 14 draw that we saw from Dak against Seattle in the big moments. Third down and 14 for Mendoza's sake. Third down and goal. Got to have it. National championship. You know, you can trust that guy to be the leader of your team. So, I really am excited to see Mendoza at the next level cuz like you said, he can make all the NFL throws. He has, you know, mobility. He has the size. And I do think we had listed there, uh, the

New York Jets and the Arizona Cardinals. There's only one team he's going to go to. It's going to be the Las Vegas Raiders. We could put potential fit as just one team and leave it blank. >> Yeah. I mean, there's a world in which the Jets could overpay for him because they have the capital to do it. But even still, like I think we're going to hear reports coming out after the draft like the Jets offered three ones to try and get up to the what? You know what I mean? Like there's going to be that report that comes up. >> Kubak doesn't take that job if he's not getting Mendoza in my opinion. >> No, no, I I don't disagree. But maybe maybe somebody could argue, hey, if there's an overpay, you get all that capital, next year's quarterback class is projected to be better anyways, maybe you go in that direction. But I think you're the Raiders, you're trying to sell tickets, you're trying to sell seats. Mendoza in Las Vegas, too. Very

uh Latino community there. like that. That jersey is going to sell like crazy. I know Mark Davis would be hyped out hyped about that. So, let's move into the one player that's in the B tier for us here. And the reason we have him kind of in a tier of his own is the way our grading works is we have like a borderline generational grade on Jeremiah Love. These other guys are, you know, top 10 talents at their respective positions. Lemon and Tate and Mendoza. Tyson's more of like a top 25 talent, a guy that we would be more comfortable taking in the mid first round, maybe even uh into the 20s of the NFL draft board if we were running an NFL team. But Jordan Tyson, what he does well is exceptional athleticism uh and deep separation. He has Hines Ward as his wide receiver coach. The route running is off the charts. Strong production as a four-year starter. He was very, very good specifically his junior year when he was healthy. He has alpha size comparable to the likes of like a Jerry

Judy as far as a median. A Mecha Igbuka kind of on the higher end of things. And uh the one couple weaknesses that we have listed here is yards after catch-wise. I don't think he has the best instinct. Certain guys are running backs with the ball in their hand. He's not really like that at this point in time. Catch point stuff. There was a little bit of tracking issues and uh some strength issues at the catch point, blocking effort, mental errors, and there's a lengthy injury history that he has when it comes to hamstring pulls and shoulder injuries and then I believe what was a knee injury or an ankle injury with the other one as well. So Jordan Tyson a notch down of the other two receivers for us. I know that's not a consensus opinion. A lot of people believe Tyson might even be the best of the three receivers. We are of the opinion that he is a clear number three, but he is in a tier of his own as far as the the remainder of the wide receiver class. >> Yeah. Yeah, and I guess we got to

question the consensus here. Uh, to be honest, because I mean, like you said, consensus almost views this guy, oh, if he was fully healthy, it wouldn't even be a discussion for whose wide receiver won. I don't think so, man. Mai Lemon, Carnell Tate, they are absolute ballers. Mai Lemon, you can use him both in the slot and at the Z position. Even though the common narrative is going to be he's going to be a slot only player, he could operate all three levels and he has much better catchoint fundamentals. Carninal Tate is your prototypical X, much better hands. And I do think that their Yak is comparable. Yeah, I do favor Tyson in that regard, but people act like Tyson is, you know, this generational Yak player for some reason. When you look at the metrics, it just doesn't point to that. >> Yeah, a lot of people have thrown around the Jamar Chase, the Malik Neighbors type of games. And the numbers like do not back it up. And when we broke down his profile, we're talking like sub 30th

percentile yards after catch and miss tackles force type of numbers. So again, while I understand why people can say that because if you watch a highlight tape of Jordan Tyson, he looks like an incredible like potential Jamar Chase Neighbors Justin Jefferson like mover as a route runner. That was one trait that is that is one thing that he does extremely well. There's other traits involved with playing the wide receiver position. The yards after catch instincts and the catch point fundamentals is where he lost points for us, which is why he's the clear wide receiver three. >> Yeah. Yeah, and I'm very curious what it looks like at the next level versus a physical press man corner because we did see multiple times in his college career. You get a strong jam at him at the line of scrimmage and that really flusters his process. >> Yeah, I was a little bit more um on the side of he was really great against press than you were, but I I understand some of the strength stuff at the catch

point did translate a little bit to to physical corners and whatnot. But yeah, Jordan Tyson generally a very very great prospect for us. this the the tier in terms of like rookie drafts right now for us is yeah go get the 101 at all costs because Jeremiah is that special 102 to 104 and if you believe you could get Tate or Lemon at 105 then that would be grouped into that but for us it's a 102 to 104 tier assuming Tyson is 105 in most rookie drafts but he might not be in a lot of rookie drafts it's possible he goes 103 104 etc. Let's move into the next tier which is extremely large for us because this is where the class I won't say falls off because I like a lot of these prospects but generally there is a tier discrepancy between these players and a lot of it too is just a difference of opinion. There's people on this list here that you could see in this back end of the first round here from 106 down that a lot of people won't agree with where the hell is this guy?

Where the heck is that guy? a lot of people are going to say, and that's why there's a huge tier discrepancy, is because there are minor differences between a lot of people's rankings. Now, again, mini tier, could you argue some of these guys are in a mini tier? Everyone's going to have them in the top 10. Everyone's going to have them in the top 12. We'll talk about that. Let's get into um the tight end one of the class, Kenyan Sadique. We can kick it off with him. >> Yeah. And my raw grade was a little bit higher than yours. I ended up with an 85.5. You had an 82.5. But he is what the modern tight end in the NFL looks like. And a lot of, you know, resources have pointed it out. Shout out Nate Ty. Shout out Matt Harmon specifically made a video talking about it. But the new age NFL is gearing off a lot of 11 personnel. You need to have size mismatches. The F tight end, I mean, we saw, for example, with Harold Fannon last year, hey, guess what? Harold

Fannon, including ourselves, people were like, okay, well, what exactly is it going to look like? If he's only an F tight end, is he going to get the snaps that we're looking for? And as we saw, the Browns made the their identity in their passing offense based off of Harold Fannon. I do think that's where the modern NFL going is going. Sorry. You need those mismatches. You need those slot wide receivers with a 63 240lb frame. And to me, Kenyan Sadi is exactly what we want in the modern NFL. The ability to move in space, the ability to run routes at all three levels, the ability at the catch point. This guy is an absolute freak. And my con for him was Delaney Walker because although right now maybe his best utilization is as a pure F tight end, I do think he has the upside by year two, year three, given the effort he shows as a blocker to potentially be alignment versatile. >> Yeah. And I that's the biggest discrepancy between my grade versus your grade is that I do believe he will be

better suited to be a Harold Fannon type of player, which obviously from a fantasy perspective I love. Like that's the type of archetype we want anyways. Um, but I I worry that like OJ Howard, Irv Smith, like these types of players who are maybe not suited to play in line right away that they never develop that. And I think Sadiq because he's so young because he has all the tools necessary to do it. I think he will develop it, but it might take him some time. We know the dynasty market can be a little bit fickle when prospects aren't working out right away. So that's not my only concern with Kenyan Sadique. In a tight end Premium League, you have him ranked 106. I have him ranked 108. So there's a little bit of a discrepancy there. But in a full, you know, half tight end premium or full tight end premium league, if you wanted to argue him right in the tier with Jordan Tyson, that's actually how you have it ranked, then I would totally not disagree with anybody.

>> Yeah. And he's going to go top 20, top 25 in the NFL draft. There's a couple really nice landing spots where he can profile into a top two target on that team. And I truly believe in the potential because when you turn on the Oregon film, it's clear as day that this guy has all the upside in the world to potentially be the tight end one in Dynasty at some point. >> Yeah. No, for sure. I'll let you kick off Casey Conpsion as well, Texas A&M wide receiver. I should probably mention schools and positions and all that kind of stuff because I do have Jonah Coleman as my 106 consensus or for my ranking specifically. So, I'll let you take the lead here on Kepsion as well. >> Yeah, and that's the only minute difference I've noticed in our rankings is I technically have the next two wide receivers at seven and eight. You have, I believe, the next two running backs if I'm not mistaken. Correct. >> Uh, yeah, I have Conpsion ahead of Price, but I do I have Coleman ahead of

both of them. >> Okay, fair enough. So, let me get into Casey Conpsion. My comp for him was Emanuel Sanders. Uh very reminiscent in terms of the overall athleticism, the ability after the catch and especially the translation to what his route running could look like at the next level. Man, you're talking about a potential top 12, top 15 overall dynasty wide receiver. Do I think he has the overall upside like a Tate or a Lemon? Not necessarily. Do I think he could be, you know, a perennial 1100, 1200 yard Z Flowers type of player? I really do. And I mean, we disagreed in terms of the overall fantasy upside of Zay specifically because I'm more concerned about the Ravens passing volume, but if you put Zay Flowers in a situation that could threaten 580, 650 pass attempts, I think that's what you could potentially get from KC. >> Yeah. Um, to me, he's like almost exactly a clone of Jordan Addison, only we'll see what he comes in officially. Jordan Addison was 173 at the combine.

Chris Ave was 178 at the combine. I would love to see KC stay above the 180 threshold cuz he is a little bit on the weaker side as far as like catch point strength and getting off of press coverage and that kind of thing. I just want to see the hands be big, the length be decent for a small receiver because he is a guy that I do worry about kind of going the route of an Elijah Moore or a Josh Downs or somebody like that where I'm like, hey, great route runner, love the versatility, slot Z, developed production profile, obviously as a freshman, he was excellent, had a down sophomore year, goes to Texas A&M and has another great productive season analytically, a 96th percentile grade in the prospect model. So, I love Casey Conpsion. only worry is size because he is undersized and he is weaker and Chris Ave was too and he developed that part of his game and honestly it doesn't even really matter for him. Um but it is something that I I am minorly concerned about which is why KC is a little bit

lower um in my rank to a top 50 talent versus a top 25 for you. >> Yeah, totally agree. Again, like you can make the argument between him and the running backs. I think that's perfectly reasonable. However, if I'm betting it right now, I feel more comfortable projecting Casey to be a top 20 25 NFL draft pick than I would be those running backs potentially figuring into the top 40 >> of course and I I do have that part of my grade like I do factor that in. I have Jonah Coleman expecting him to be a third round pick and maybe the upside that he's a second round with good testing still ranked ahead of Casey Conpsion knowing full well Casey will be a first round pick. So, and knowing full well Kenyan Sadique will be a first round pick and Denzel Boston will be a first round pick. I just the profile as I'll get into right now. I have Jonah Coleman ranked 106 because Jonah Coleman is closer to um you know when you look at just the expected yard uh year to year 1 to3 points per game you see 12.68

68 there and then when I go to KC 10.19 when I go to Kenyan Sadique 8.16 you win fantasy matchups by scoring more points than your opponent and Jonah Coleman plays a position in running back that is pretty desperate for young talent at this point like yes we got an influx of you know Judkins and Henderson and those guys last year but Jonah Coleman's profile is very very good man like median-wise we're looking at a Cam Scataboo profile if he goes in the third or the fourth round that's about the kind of comp athletically and analytically that we're looking that. But the ceiling here is Jonah Coleman is one of just two prospects in the prospect model to have a higher than 75.0 FSE grade and be projected or actually go third round or later. The only other prospect that you can say that about is Alvin Chimera. So Jonah Coleman with the the contact balance, the receiving ability, his instincts, his elusiveness, his size, his ability and pass protection. Yes, he's not an

excellent athlete. Yes, his 0 to10 acceleration is not, you know, what it could be. his efficiency declined a little bit in 2025 after the injury and he turns 23 in August. Those are minor concerns relative to a very very well-rounded profile in my opinion. >> Yeah. And actually when you look at the raw grade there, I have a higher raw grade on Coleman than you do. 83.0 versus 82.5. I guess my concern here would be if he gets drafted to an NFL team and they may view him as more so a complimentary piece in the backfield as opposed to their main running back one. I guess that's my only question mark. Is the NFL as high as uh on Jonah Coleman as we are? Because again, he lands in the right spot. He goes to the the Denver Broncos in the second round and we're getting reports that oh yeah, he know he's going to be the main between the tackles guy. They're going to use RJ Harvey in more of a space it out type of capacity. I mean, we could be talking about into a 12 to 15 touchdown to per

year type of role because you get this guy on the goal line, man, he is an absolute hos. You watch Jonah Coleman rumble between the tackles, man, he's a bowling ball. >> Yeah. And the thing with Coleman is it that's great is the market will tell me where to value him. If Jonah Coleman goes in the second round and goes to the Texans or some landing spot where he can get great volume, then I'll be willing to take him at 106. If Jonah Coleman goes in the fourth round and, you know, is going at 202 or something because of the draft capital, then I'm willing to take him there, too. So, wherever he ends up, I'm going to be higher than market. That's kind of just how I'm with Jonah Coleman right now. I'm ranking him here with the expectation he goes in round three. If he goes higher than that, if he goes lower than that, I'll adjust my expectations. And then obviously the landing spot and the ability to earn touches would factor in as well. But as of right now, I want it

to be known that Jonah Coleman, his profile is the sixth best in this class. >> Yeah. And I think you could totally make the argument he's upwards of number six. Like like we mentioned, he's technically 10 for me, but that's just off the back that spoiler alert, I have a different player at RB2 that we'll talk about in a second. And second of all, I had Casey Conpsion, Kenyan, Sadiq, and the next player we're about to talk about, ranked six, seven, and eight, respectively. >> Yeah, let's talk about him. Omar Cooper Jr. like an Apollo rocket as far as his draft stock right now because when we first graded him, Danny, we had him projected with 79th overall draft capital. NFL mockdraft database has him inside the top 40 now. and Dane Bugler, Mike Rener, other bigname NFL draft analysts have talked about him being a top 25 grade on their boards and stuff like this is a dude whose stock was a little low at first because people didn't dig into him yet because they

didn't know he was going to be in the class. And then once people started to dig into him, all I see is Omar Cooper this, Omar Cooper that. Oh my god, what a player. >> Yeah. And it was almost like I would say it it was a hot take three weeks ago to say, "Hey, bold prediction. 49ers are going to do it again." The year that Brandon Aayuk was drafted, everybody thought he'd be a second or third round pick. They took him, shocked everybody. He developed into a second team all pro 1400 yard receiver. We said it like in that film review, hey, if this guy went in the first round to the 49ers, it would not shock us. But now that's almost becoming the consensus. Like at this point, I would be shocked if he fell outside of the first round of the NFL draft. >> Yeah. I know, especially like the yards after catch, the athleticism, snappy route running, really high ceiling in that regard, really strong hands, ability to be used at all three levels of the field. >> Yeah, he's raw. Yeah, he didn't have a

huge route tree. Age production profile is a little bit of a concern because he didn't really break out until his junior season, really break out until his senior season this year, and some like mental timing and awareness stuff. That stuff's all coachable. Generally speaking, we're looking at the framework for like a truly elite NFL route runner like Brandon Iayuk ended up developing into. And even as a rookie, Brandon Iayuk was a very productive top 30 fantasy wide receiver who shocked all of us cuz I I didn't think I would be as good as he was as a rookie. And he ended up coming out in one training camp and really picking up what he needed to pick up and becoming one of the better receivers in the league like you said in 2023. 1300 uh plus receiving yards. Second team allp pro was I believe led the NFL in yards per reception as well. Like that's the ceiling here for Omar Cooper is Brandon Iayuk. >> Yeah. Your comp was Luther Burden. My comp was actually uh if you guys

remember a prime Pierre Garson. That ability after the catch, the explosiveness, the frame at the catch point, the ability to operate on all three levels. Like I do think if it works out, we could be talking about a 1400 plus yard receiver. Allah Brandon Aayuk. Allah PR Garson. And we'll see if Luther Burden can get to that level, which I do believe he can. >> Yeah, absolutely. So yeah, Omar Cooper might be a little higher than you guys are used to seeing him. We're we've been here we've been like we've been here for 6 weeks almost like this is where we've been at with him and and I do think that the market will correct itself and people are starting to already saying hey this might be a first round receiver. He might be the third or fourth or fifth best receiver in the class. Both of us have him at five. So we both have him inside the top five. We also both have him above his teammate at Indiana and Elijah Surro who we'll talk about in a second. Uh Jadarian Price you

kind of made reference to it. you do have him ranked over Jonah Coleman and uh part of it for you is uh Jadarian Price is expected to be the second running back off the board in the NFL draft and most I would say people view him to be let's call him a top 50 pick top 64 pick give or take man he is so exciting so full transparency I have the same exact grade 83.0 0 on both Price and Coleman. They kind of get there in different capacities though. Coleman, I kind of, you know, respect the profile a little bit more. Obviously, you mentioned the prospect grade that he had in the prospect model. For Jiren Price, the fact that he doesn't have the strongest profile, again, less than 300 career touches at Notre Dame and he still ranks this high. He is a film bro of all film bros, man. He is I I believe there was a tweet out there that he's like the resource test of the entire uh dynasty rookie draft because when you look at it, hey, less than 300 touches, what can we really make of it? You turn

on the tape, man. This guy's instincts are at a special level. His ability to break contact is special. His ability to make people miss, his process behind the line of scrimmage, man. This is exactly what an NFL running back one looks like. And it really does remind me a lot. Difference in profile of JK Dobbins coming out of Ohio State. JK Dobbins again, more volume, more overall production at Ohio State. But in terms of the instincts, the ability to slash between the tackles, the ability to break off these breakaway runs, again with Jarian Price, a 51.3 breakaway run rate this year, he's special. And I'm willing to give him and forgive him a little bit for the fact that he was behind Jeremiah Love. >> Yeah, Jeremiah Love is as excellent of a running back prospect as you'll ever see. So, the guy behind Jeremiah Love not being as productive shouldn't really shock you. And uh yeah, Jadarian Price has a 28th percentile analytics grade in the model. That's really bad. But 91st

percentile traits grade. We talked about it in the film review of him. But when you look at Sony Michelle, Miles Sanders, some of these dudes that had to compete with dudes like they like Nick Chub was at Georgia. Sony Michelle wasn't able to be the starter full-time. Uh Miles Sanders was at Penn State with Saquon Barkley. You're not able to be the starter full-time in that situation. Um he is as good of film guy as any one of those. And Sony Michelle was a firstround NFL draft pick. And Jadarian Price, it wouldn't shock me if he goes at 31 or 32 overall. like somebody trades into the first round for the fifth year option or something like that, he's probably going to be a second round pick. And I think I'm still going to take Coleman if he's a third round pick versus Price if he's a second round pick. But both of these guys are inside my top nine. Like I actually have overall wise Price ahead of where you do even though you have him higher among running backs than I do.

>> Yeah, just the main difference there. I have Sadique a little bit higher. Again, keep in mind that isn't a premium. If you're not in a premium, you can even argue Sadiq down to like 10 or 11. I just am factoring in the premium there. And again, you want to argue between him and Casey Conpsion and Omar Cooper, the next guy we're about to talk about with Denzel Boston. I think that's totally reasonable. And again, it's just going to be dependent on what you need. If you need a running back, I'm totally cool taking him upwards of six overall. That's why this is a full-fledged tier. Yeah, exactly. These are tiers. There's a reason we put all these guys in one tier, because there are going to be people out there who want us to have Denzel Boston at the head of this tier, who we'll talk about right now. Um, but we have him at the end of this year mainly because uh, and this is kind of a weird idiosyncrasy of us versus other fantasy analysts is what Denzel Boston

does is excellent for real life. He is a prototypical X. He's 6'4. He's a three-level threat. He's smart. He's tough. He's got really good hands, press man coverage, excellent releases. You could see the comps there. Courtland Sutton, Michael Pitman are great NFL wide receivers. But when you compare that to Casey Conpsion, for example, Chris Olive has outperformed those guys from a fantasy perspective his entire career because Denzel Boston in my opinion is a great NFL wide receiver prospect, but he lacks the overall fluidity, route refinement, yards after catch stuff and top end speed that's going to make him be a consistent multi-time wide receiver one in fantasy. >> Yeah. And you mentioned it for Omar Cooper, but even when we go or sorry, you mentioned it for uh Chris Olive, sorry, apologies. Even Emanuel Sanders, uh we look at that 2014 year in Denver, 1400 yards and nine touchdowns, three straight years of over a,000 yards and five touchdowns. Like, as much as I

appreciate and respect Denzel Boston's game, I just don't think he's going to end up developing into a 1400 yard receiver. And that's the reason why I prefer Conpion and Cooper is that I do think in the right scenario, that's what their ceiling ultimately lies. >> Yeah. And again, if he turns into Michael Pitman or he turns into Cor, those are great receivers. They just are wide receiver twos in fantasy. And again, maybe he goes to the Bills or maybe he goes to the uh you know, Chiefs or some team that has like an opening at wide receiver that could give him all the volume and and that kind of thing. I'll re-evaluate once we get postdraft. If Denzel Boston has that kind of landing spot, then yeah, he could be at the head of this tier because his grade like I have from Sadi all the way down to Serat here. These guys are within one point one. Everybody is graded between 82 and 83 except for actually sorry except for Conpsion who I have at 84. So between two points these guys are all

throw them in a hat. Where do they go in the draft? What does the landing spot look like? That is why the end of the first round quote unquote is down this year is because there's no consensus. There's no guys that you go that's a first round running back prospect. That's a first round wide receiver with an excellent profile. They all have flaws. They all have idiosyncrasies. Denzel Boston's for me is that he does profile more as like a stiff ex-wide receiver who probably won't earn 150 plus targets in the NFL. But could he be wide receiver 18 in points per game in his best season? Yeah, that's kind of the Courtland Sutton Michael Pitman of it all. >> Yeah, and it makes sense why our grades are the way that they are because when you look at the slight differences in our overall grading, I do have Sadique a little bit higher than you. 85.5 for me. KC and Omar both at an 850. And then we do get to the running backs. 83.0 I know for Pry and Coleman, 82.5 for Denzel

Boston. So they are kind of ranked according to where my grades are. But like I said, if you need a running back and you prefer taking Jadarian Price or Jonah Coleman over Kenyan Sadique because maybe say you have a Coulson Lovelin on your roster, totally reasonable. >> Absolutely. And let's talk about the last guy in this tier and Elijah Serat who I actually have ranked above Denzel Boston because again I'm trying to maintain a little bit of a consistent who's better for fantasy. I rank those guys ahead. Mai Lemon's my wide receiver one for the same reason. Carnell Tate maybe a better wide receiver prospect for real life. I think Mai Lemon's a better prospect for fantasy. Elijah Serat probably a worse prospect than Denzel Boston for real life. I think he's better for fantasy because Elijah Serat has an excellent excellent profile. 81st percentile analytics grade. 96 percentile traits. Now you might be like, how does he have 96 percentile traits? If you guys know

anything about Elijah Serat, the one thing that he doesn't have is elite speed. He's not the most sudden athlete in the world. He's not going to run a 44 running uh 40. His downfield separation suffers at times and he's not the most excellent yards after catch player in the world. But the reason his traits grade is so high is because his metrics in game, which is where the tape comes from, are excellent. He makes plays all over the field. He's dominant in the red zone. He has a veteran mentality. He's the smartest receiver in this class in my opinion. Strong hands, developed profile, toughness, grit, and he was unstoppable in the red zone. And I have I have a very strong suspicion and I want to hold on to this the entire draft process. I don't want anybody to talk me out of this that this guy truly has a Monroe ceiling, has Keenan Allen ceiling. I think he has more from a fantasy perspective. I think he has the ability to earn 160 NFL targets in in a season. And I get people go, how could

he do that? He doesn't have elite speed and he's not the most sudden athlete. Neither is Michael Thomas. Neither is Keenan Allen. Neither is I could list a million receivers who were like 460 Cooper Cup who never profiled to be elite ceilings but were elite fantasy ceiling receivers. >> So this is where I'll push back a little bit again. I have to play a devil's advocate for full transparency. He is my 12th overall player. I just have him in the next tier. I kind of mentioned it with Sadique, but I do think the NFL is more so profiling into 12 personnel into utilizing more F tight ends rather than traditional slots. So my one concern is I do think his best transition would be as a big slot the next level. Can he win consistently on the outside is my biggest flaw because if he can play on 12 personnel, play in two wide receiver sets, I don't think there's a worry there. But I do think the NFL is going to downgrade him because they might view him as a big slot.

>> Yeah. And my comp uh for him is Michael Wilson, who we just saw have like a really breakout season. The ceiling comp and the model is Chris Godwin, who obviously did his best work as a big slot wide receiver. And I do think Elijah Serat's best work, like you said, would probably come as a big slot wide receiver. It's going to take the right fit. He's very fit dependent, just like Amanra was, just like Michael Thomas was, just like Cooper Cup was. Those guys were fit dependent. Puka Nua, same thing. Like I'm telling you right now, I want it on the record that I think Elijah Sarat might have that type of upside because I just think that you can't teach the zone awareness that he has. You can't teach the smarts, the red zone dominance, the the catch point fundamentals that he has. I just don't I think it's rare. He doesn't have elite like the ceiling comes from elite speed and size usually, but I think his ceiling comes from mental. >> Yeah. No, totally reasonable. And again,

Keenan Allen, yeah, sure. He was a very, very good real life NFL wide receiver, but everybody would make the case he was much more valuable for fantasy than he was in real life. >> Yeah, everyone would have said, you know, Mike Evans was a better real life receiver or, you know, Antonio Brown, Julio Jones, those like those other guys that were in their primes the same time as Keenan Allen. They would have said they were better real life wide receivers. And there's a reason for that is because Keenan Allen didn't have elite speed and he only really affected the first and second level of the field. Um, but yeah, that's my that's my Elijah Serat take there. There's tons of other guys we could have gotten into in this first round. Spoiler alert, the next tier is also very large. There's a lot of guys that based on draft capital, based on landing spot and all that stuff will factor in. I do want to one time you got one more point you can make and then we'll head out of here.

>> Final thing I'll note in terms of Tyler Boyd to back that up. Final year at pick or at pit, sorry. 94 catches, 940 yards, and six touchdowns. 45.4% slot rate. And like I said, the NFL as soon as his rookie year, he was playing above 80% of his snaps in the slot. >> Yeah, very landing spot dependent as we talked about. You could see some of my fits there. New England, I think, would be a great one. Buffalo, a good one. Las Vegas Raiders, also a pretty good fit, I think, as well. Um, especially if they take his quarterback. So, let's uh let's get out of here. That is the top 12 Superflex rankings, our consensus rankings. They are the same 12 players for us, too. We didn't have any guys that, you know, someone didn't have in their top 12, so it worked out nice and easy for us. Let us know what you guys think down below. Let us know what you guys think of the draft guide if you have it as well. Any suggestions, any issues, let us know. Basically, to give

you guys the quick runaround of what happens in the draft guide. You open the PDF draft guide, you see these player cards like you can see here with Jeremiah Love. You can click on the prospect video tab. It will be a red play button beside the word prospect video. It'll take you to the video draft guide of Danny and I breaking them down for 23 to 27 to 30 minutes, give or take per prospect. And we're going through the film review. We're going through the profiles and all that good stuff. And you can also access the video library via the draft guide link as well. So if that interests you, head on over to flockfantasy.com, promo code fse to get started on your 7-day free trial. 30% off any of the packages as well. Annual subscribers right now as you can see at the bottom of the screen. Get a free live team review from us. When we do live streams, we break down those team reviews. We can help you with your dynasty rosters. And of course, this was the first edition of the Draft Guy. We

got 25 players in this one, broken down, graded, etc. We're going to have 50, 60 players graded, broken down film and uh player cards as well. So, definitely stay tuned for that. We're going to have combine updates. We're going to have post-draft updates. Okay, they got drafted 37th overall to the, you know, Texans or whatever. I don't know who picks 37. This is what we think of them now. Like, that will all be live in the draft guide as well. So, make sure to check it out. Again, 12 hours of film review, never-before-seen content that you guys can see right away if you want more from us, cuz we have not been dropping a lot of videos lately. Appreciate you guys for tuning in. Like, comment, subscribe, and all that good stuff. Peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
