The Super Bowl is over. The Seattle Seahawks are world champions. And we figured today, let's have some fun. Let's do an NFL mock draft and uh break down the official top 32 draft order and go through some team fits and some player fits here. >> Yeah. And we we're caught up uh as we're recording this actually. We've been working on our draft guide. So, a lot of these, you know, wide receivers, one of the running backs, of course, we'll talk about in this mock, as well as uh one or two of the quarterbacks we'll see in this mock draft. we have actually done all all 22 type of comprehension on. So, we have a good feel for this class at this point. >> Yeah. I mean, as far as offensive tackle type, we're probably not gonna get into that, but uh let's get it kicked off here. We're going to go I'm odds, you're evens pick odds, the Cowboys pick evens. Um so, let's roll with Fernando Mendoza with the first pick. I don't even feel

like analyzing the the fit or the situation. It's going to happen. Clint Kubak coming in. Fernando Mendoza, very accurate, great leader. A lot of the qualities that you look for in a franchise quarterback. does really remind me of like the wobgone Bengals lucking themselves into Joe Burrow. I I wouldn't say Fernando's on that level, but as far as like what he can do for the franchise, I I do think it's possible that that's what we're talking about there. And I don't even think they're going to entertain the pick. I'm sure the Jets are going to try and swap picks or whatever. But when you're the Raiders, you need a quarterback and you're a bumbass franchise, you take a franchise dude when he's on the board. >> And you got the leadership there right away. Uh Tom Brady obviously in the front office. You obviously have Kubak like you mentioned coming over. And from an intangible perspective, I really do believe in Fernando Mendoza. Uh my comp

was a guy like a young Dak. And funny enough, of course, I would be comfortable taking Dak Prescott first overall. >> Yeah. I mean, I I don't know how you saw Dak because I don't see that at all, but I get the like the accuracy is there, the arm talents there, everything. I just I think that Dak was a much better athlete. I just don't really agree on that perspective, but I mean, >> if he has anywhere near the early career success of Dak, I think Raiders fans would be very happy with that. So you're on the board with the Jets. I feel like the chalk right now is Arvel Reese usually here. >> So let me ask you, do you want to do this in the frame of what we would do or do we want to do this in the frame of what we think will happen? >> I kind of want to do it predictive just cuz I don't know a ton about the prospects at this point in the cycle. So I can't be like what I thought of their tape. >> Um so full full transparency, I would take Carnell Tate. What do I think

they're going to do? I think they're going to take Arll Ree. >> Okay. Yeah. So we'll roll with Arvel Ree. I think when you're the Jets and you kind of need pieces all over the board, you traded away your best two defensive players during the season last year. You have a ton of draft capital stocked up. Obviously, the pick 16 this year and they're going to have a couple of first round picks, three of them next year. I think you just kind of want to take the best defensive player with the second pick. Just given the strength of the class, it seems like, you know, defensive line talent, corner, and those kind of positions are strong. you can. And also too, like I actually think their offense is further along than their defense, minus the fact that they don't have a quarterback and obviously there's not one worth taking here. >> Yeah, I would say wide receiver too is probably the next thing they add. You obviously have Garrett Wilson, Mason Taylor, a solidified young offensive

line there. Taking a a potential franchise player on the defensive end, I think would make sense. With Ree, uh you're not really unfortunately at Ohio State this year getting as much off the ball type of blit uh stuff. his pressure has more so come as a blitzer, but I do think you bet on the traits, you bet on the 6'4, 260lb elite athlete. >> Yeah, betting on the traits doesn't make me too excited because the Jets don't seem to develop talent very well. So, that would be my one concern with that. But, yeah, let's uh move into the Cardinals again. another like one of the chalkier landing spots for an offensive tackle here because you know you have Paris Johnson who was shut down with injury last year but right tackle has become a position where teams don't seem to be too worried about taking them really high whereas you know 10 years ago they wouldn't have done that so I guess the offensive tackle position is probably the way I'm going to look I think the Cardinals would be heavily

motivated to trade out of this pick. we're not going to do any trades and I can't imagine there's going to be a ton of demand for trading in general in the first round this year just because it's not like we have four first round quarterbacks where teams are going to be maneuvering around. So I will look at the offensive tackle position I think um how do you say Maago is that how you say his name? >> Uh yeah Maui Goa it's either or. Um, people are talking about, oh, maybe he transitions into guard, but honestly with how he played in the college football playoff, keeping Beck clean, like I could see a lot of teams thinking, hey, we can keep him at tackle. >> Yeah, when I look at this depth chart, I I think like they could use edge help. Like I I don't think it's like outstanding at that position. I mean, Josh Sweat was a nice addition for them, but that was kind of a Ganon thing. So, now that Ganon is gone, um, you know, does the scheme change at all? Again, I

the Cardinals are a hard team to figure out cuz they can kind of use a little bit of everything as well. like it's not like this is a very good roster across the board. And again, I just don't I don't know a ton about these like offensive tackle prospects or even these edge prospects. The edge guys I'm definitely going to do a little bit of research on because the Bucks definitely need some edge help. But I'll roll with the tackle. I'll go with the kind of chalky pick that they go with the right tackle. We don't really know as of now. Is it going to be Kyler still? Is it going to be Jacobe Brassette? I think you're kind of prepping for 2027 to take a quarterback and I think taking the tackle now would make that transition easy >> cuz they have the infrastructure on offense to be a team that can really develop into like, you know, a high quality passing team. We saw the volume last year with Brassette. You fortify the offensive line. You have your top

two wide receivers and your tight end set. Whoever ends up being the next quarterback here is going to land in a really solid spot. >> Yeah, for sure. So, you're on the board with the Titans. Are you going to go in the direction of a wide receiver? you going to go I I've seen them get, you know, labeled as a tackle team as well. >> Yeah. So, this one's tricky because I think they could legitimately go either side of the football here. And I mean, if you want to go in the trenches on defense or Ruben Bane, obviously the way he played in the college football playoff, consistent pressure, dog against the run. The issue that I think for from an NFL perspective is he's probably going to have sub 31inch arms, which we know the way the NFL kind of views edge rushers, kind of how Will Campbell looked in the Super Bowl, small armed tackle. maybe we see him slide from a top five guy to more of like a top 10 to 12 guy. Uh so let's just say for this instance he doesn't go for I

would actually look towards offense and I would be taking Carnell Tate here. The reason being is I do think the overall nucleus of your passing game is there. You have DK as your big explosive guy. You have I manner potentially playing your big slot. Your whole franchise stems on the fact that Cam Ward needs to be a franchise quarterback. Cam Ward needs to be a top 12, top 15, potentially a Jordan Love type of quarterback to be able to develop into. His best chance of achieving that is a true number one ex wide receiver. I think Carnell Tate is the best wide receiver in this class. I think he would immediately fit that offense. >> Yeah. No, that that makes a lot of sense. And I think too, um I talked about this when I broke down kind of like cut and trade candidates. Uh Ridley and Pard both have like capsaving type of cut deals that you could kind of go out with the old, in with the new. I think with Salah coming in, Bree Hall definitely on the menu in free agency. I think uh to really upgrade their run

game, pair him up with Taj Spears, you get Carnell in the draft. Like your number one >> Yeah. Like your number one job here too is like you said to to make sure that Cam Ward develops and getting him some like his receivers just aren't good enough right now. And whether they keep Ridley or not, I don't think that would influence me too much on taking a wide receiver at number four overall. Especially because it's not like you're passing on like >> You need a one. >> Yeah, you need a one. And it's not like you're passing on like franchise caliber or prospects at key positions. Like the best players in this draft >> are like safety running back and like they're not like offensive tackle edges and whatnot. So it's not like you're just going, "Okay, well we have to take Abdul Carter here. We have to take, you know, whatever edge prospect or OT prospect that would be there because they could kind of use a little bit of everything." And I think if you need a

little bit of everything and everyone's blending together, take the position of need who's still one of the best 10 players in the draft. >> Exactly. Again, it's no discredit to Ruben Bane. And I just think from an NFL perspective, maybe they worry about the arms, whereas it's like you look at Carnell Tate, the prospect profile, aside from, oh, Jeremiah Smith's there, Jeremiah Smith was the one, you can't really poke much in terms of what he represents. >> Yeah. No, exactly. The Giant, like all three of these teams, the Cardinals, the Titans, and the Giants are weird teams to figure out because I feel like they're kind of average at a lot of positions, but I also don't feel like they're getting a ton of value by taking like, you know, whatever the best players on the board are. So, I'm going to look at the Giants here. Um, I think you could easily look at offensive tackle for the Giants because they've just they've swung and missed at that

position so many times. It feels like in the draft other than, you know, when Andrew Thomas is healthy, he's obviously one of the best left tackles in the league. Illuminor's their current starter at right tackle. I wonder if they would look towards upgrading that position. Obviously, Edge is a strong suit for them, so they're not really probably in the market for a David Bailey or a Ruben Bane. I'm gonna do something that I do think could be considered a little bit shocking, but knowing that John Harbaugh came to a place where they were gift wrapped an elite safety prospect, I'm gonna grab Caleb DS here because I think he's just one of the best players in the entire class, even though it's pretty unlikely you're going to see a safety go this high. I think Jamal Adams, the last safety, was taken uh in the top 10. We saw like countless safety prospects, Derwin, Minka, Kyle Hamilton, all these guys fall outside of the top 10 when they were clearly top three to five

players in their class. I think Mike McDonald with how the Seahawks defense really changed the game this year is going to be the blueprint for a lot of these teams. The ability to be strong up front, stop the run with split safety looks, and completely disguise everything on the back end. Like, I have never seen more match coverage being called than this year's Seattle Seahawks defense. And if you're going to run a ton of match match coverage, you need a smart defensive leader on the back end. Caleb DS, man. Like, he is he checks every box, man. He can line up in the slot. He can line up over the top. He can play box linebacker when you need him to. Like, he is the ultimate chess piece on a modern-day NFL defense. And like you said, John Haral had one of these guys with Kyle Hamilton. So, I do think that Caleb D's going to be well within their their consideration for that pick. >> Yeah, for sure. So, you are on the board with um Cleveland here. Um, I'm looking at their their right tackle is a human

being named KT Levenson. Uh, and they have Cam Robinson who gets passed around like a blunt at a Snoop Dog concert around the NFL for left tackle patchwork. I personally, if I was running the Cleveland Browns, I would view this as like this is a foundational draft class. We probably don't have our quarterback right now. Let's build up our offensive line so that in 2027 we can get our quarterback. That would be personally the direction I would go if I was running the team. >> Yeah. And to be honest, that's probably the direction I'm leaning. I think you could make an argument for one of the two top wide receivers left being Jordan Tyson and Mai Lemon, especially given where they're they're going to be viewed from an NFL perspective in terms of draft capital, but I do think like you said, offensive tackle is going to be a big need. We know from watching Shadur Sanders Cory, he's a lot better when he's kept clean. >> Yeah. No, he's not very good under

pressure. And if if you want to take a serious look at him this year, I think what they're going to do at quarterback is probably just go, "Hey, we if we try and cut Deshun Watson, we're eating $80 million. So, we're going to use him as our backup and we're going to give Shadur a little bit of a leash here. I don't think anybody's really looking at Todd Monkin as like a bulletproof can't be a oneanddone." Like, it wouldn't shock me if they stink so bad that they're picking first next year and Todd Monkin's one and done and they go and get a better coaching candidate with Arch Manning or one of the top quarterbacks in 2027 sitting there. So yeah, I think building up the trenches a little bit and having a little bit of a meat and potatoes draft makes the most sense to me. >> Yeah, and you do have an extra first round pick. So you could go with, you know, a conception, a Mark Cooper, somebody like that later on. Whereas I think at tackle, if you miss out on Fano

right now, yeah, you know, you like Kayen Proctor, big body, um, you know, has the athleticism at his frame, 67, 370. I just don't think he's going to end up being a top 15 NFL pick. And I think with Fano, I would be pretty surprised if he wasn't picked in the top 12 to 15. >> Yeah. Yeah. Not to mention too, like Batonio and Teller are are old uh and they're like your best offensive lineman. So even like worst case scenario like this this tackle doesn't work out like you need help at guard too. So it's possible that you have like a little backup plan with um was the guy in 2015 Sherf that the command uh the commanders took and he ended up >> might be Will Campbell now. >> What's up? might be might be Will Campbell after this year, too. >> Yeah, might be. Yeah, exactly. I know. I hate that's one of my least favorite expressions of the draft season. Go, he's going to be a Pro Bowl guard if he's not a tackle. But, uh, at least you

have that flexibility with the the Browns. It's like you need your best five out there. And f like you could draft four offensive linemen, they'd probably be your best five. >> You're never, especially given how the NFL has kind of uh expanded this year, you're never going to regret just investing in the trenches, man. Seattle's defensive line are a bunch of aliens out there. >> Yeah. No, for sure. So, let's uh look at the Washington Commanders for myself here. And um the edge position in Washington would be the position that I would look to right away because I go, "Okay, like Preston Smith, like who was cast off from the Packers like six years ago. It feels like like they don't have anything that really gets me excited. Hey, Dietri We Wise, Dorance Armstrong. Like they have some some rotational guys, but there's no dudes here. I would say like I think some people are going to go, "Oh, just like throw like Mai Lemon here, throw like Jeremiah Love

here." I just think their defense is maybe a bigger issue right now than their offense. Their defense was the one kind of losing them games and Jaden can elevate the play of other, you know, things. So, as a fantasy guy, I would love to see Mai Lemon go here, but I do think they'd probably be the team that goes, "Hey, we don't really care as much about the the length and we'll roll with Ruben Bane." But again, maybe it's D is Dan Quinn. [laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. Maybe he would care. I don't know. Maybe it's David Bailey then instead. I'll just roll. I think Edge is probably the need that they need to go after. And if it's not Edge, I think it could be a defensive back as well. >> Yeah. Like historically, like uh with Dan Quinn, he has been a measurements guy, but he could also just look at the blueprint that Seattle set. One of their best players was an undersized corner. one of their best players was a safety that was maybe a tweener looking at it

at the NFL draft but ended up being one of the best safeties we've seen this year with Nick Mori. Like a lot of Seattle's defense is made up with tweeners. And I think that's where the modern day is going. You have to be able to do both at an adequate level in terms of stopping the run and in terms of having enough firepower on the back end to be able to match up with the pass. >> All right. So, if you're playing the drinking game at home, that's now I think four or five times Danny's mentioned the Seattle Seahawks. So, we'll keep it keep it rolling. What are you going with the New Orleans Saints here? Um, yeah, I I think if uh Love went at seven, they would consider a wide receiver here. But knowing Kell Moore, knowing his importance with having a true Bellcow runner, I think this is Jeremiah Love's spot. And I think everybody from a fantasy perspective would be completely upset that he went one pick before the Kansas City Chiefs. >> Yeah. I mean, it doesn't shock me. I

think when I looked into Chimera's contract details and stuff, it's not really a get out of a like you can't really get out of his contract right now, unless they were willing to eat a bunch of money, but they're already kind of not in an excellent cap position. I won't say they're in like as bad of a cap position as the Saints have normally been in the last couple of years, but >> 150. >> Yeah. Like, are you going to get rid of Chimera just to save a couple million dollars? Like I think it could be a possibility that from us as a fantasy perspective, Jeremiah is maybe in a bit of a split backfield in in his first year and Chimera is still there. Maybe gets dealt at the deadline or something like that, but Chimera has been pretty vocal in saying that he wants to retire a Saint want to go anywhere else. So, um that's what makes me a little bit less convinced that they would actually do this. I think they would probably have obviously more information about

Chimera's, you know, retirement status before then. >> Yeah. Again, we'll see what ends up happening. I just know Kell Moore, his scheme is at his best when he has a competent run game. And flat out, Alvin Camrah has been running the ball competently for the last couple years. >> No. And you and Devin Neil is a fun like backup, but he was a fifth round pick. And then you also Kre coming off of an ACL tear himself. Like you can't really rely on anything in that backfield. I would feel a lot better about this landing spot from a fantasy perspective if Chimera was dealt or cut um pre- free agency. We're obviously doing this before free agency. So, I'm on the board with the Chiefs who, like you said, probably would have been in the market for Jeremiah Love because they could use some run game help. I actually do think the one thing I will say about the Jeremiah Love to the Chiefs chalk that always happens is I think it's a very high likelihood that the Chiefs will

address their running back need in free agency as opposed to the draft because I think they know it's very within the range of outcomes that that Jeremiah Love goes before their pick and also they have a lot of team and scheme fits that make sense. I think Algier would be a good scheme fit for them. Uh Bree Hall grew up in Witchah, Kansas as well. So, I think he would be a great scheme fit for them and it sounds like they tried to trade for him at the deadline as well. So, I'm actually going to go in the direction of wide receiver and I'm going to take Mai Lemon here because Mai Lemon is Rasheed Rice on crack essentially and for all we know Rasheed Rice might be on crack at this point because he just can't stay out of trouble with the law. So, uh, I think that Mai Lemon is the perfect fit for that role. And I think that Rasheed Rice after this season will no longer be in that role because they are not going to resign, you know, what the money that he will demand because he's a good player

and he'll probably get paid somewhere else. I just don't think they want to continue that experience because there's been too much smoke and too much, you know, knuckleheadedness with Rasheed Rice. Maybe I'm wrong about that, but I think if you take Mai Lemon here, that kind of signals your intentions towards Rasheed Rice because that's the role that they would play. Also, I think Lemon can play on the outside and they can move him around the formation. >> Yeah, it's both leverage against Rashid Rice and also just getting another solidified pass catcher for Patrick Mahomes because hey, guess what? Xavier Worthy, maybe he didn't live up to our expectations. Maybe realistically, he's >> see what happens with him. It might have been the injury last year, but so far he's not been super impressive. >> But like he's never going to be your wide receiver one realistically. At best, I think he can end up being your two, but in an ideal world, he's going

to be your number three. Mai Lemon, whether he's your one or whether he's your two, cuz Rasheed Rice is back on the field, he's a damn good top two wide receiver to have on your team. And like you said, like he can play on the outside if you need to exclusively use Rashid Rasheed Rice out of the slot. Mia Lemon, yeah, sure, he might only be a 5'11, 190 pound wide receiver. He's got the release package. He's tough as nails and he's able to play on all three levels of the field. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, that makes sense. Um, so you are on the board with the Cincinnati Bengals here. >> Yeah. And I'm in between two players. Obviously, if Caleb DS falls, you can also consider that. Two guys I'm between though, Sunny Styles and David Bailey. Um, David Bailey a little bit concerning. I We haven't really heard any of the red flags being brought up, but I do know uh there is some stuff in terms of uh I believe after the game like he shoved the fan, there was stuff

like that. There's a couple characters. >> The last guy to do that was Germaine Burton, so it's not I think the Bengals would be pretty familiar with that. >> But I'm surprised it hasn't really been brought up in the mainstream. It was on video and stuff, so um I'm not sure if he'll fall. Uh tentatively though, they do need a pass rusher in the biggest way. Uh Murphy, Shamar Stewart, yeah, you use two for round picks. Neither of them can rush the pass like David Bailey. And that's what they need to do. They need to get after the quarterback. You trust your offense to give you 25 to 30 a game. Get a guy that can pin his ears back. >> Yeah. Okay. Yeah. role with David Bailey. I mean, yeah, like you said, they could just use pass rush help, whether it is I think like interior would be a bigger need for them, but like there's not like you get to take Peter Woods there. Like maybe I I guess >> that would be the consideration. >> Yeah, that makes sense. Um I'm on the

board with the Dolphins who um kind of like the Cardinals and Titans and whatnot. Like they kind of just feel like they could use a little bit of everything. Like them picking 11, I wouldn't say they're like the 11th worst team in the league. Like they might be a bottom five team in the NFL. So, I think they're going to be pretty picking pretty high in 2027. And, um, again, similar to what I said with like the Browns and whatnot, I would just look for just hit on these picks. Like, whatever position you can find that is going to be a hit for you, you should just go after that position. I think that they could use defensive back help in a pretty major way. So, I'm going to go uh with the LSU corner here, Delaney or Delane, I don't know how to pronounce his name. He I'm going to roll with him there because I I just think the Dolphins need help on their back end. And I know for a fact that that would be a pick that would be a heartbreaker to Cowboys Nation. Um, our new defensive

backs coach actually recruited him initially to Virginia Tech. So, Manser Delane and him have a good relationship. So, uh, I I I I would hope in the real NFL draft that he would fall down to 12, but he's just got such a good profile that I'm kind of expecting him to go, you know, if he's on the board at 11 to Miami. So, I like that pick for them. Um, I think this is a run up the podium. You just take a Sunny Styles here. you think about it after um yeah, you need a linebacker that can play sideline to sideline. You need a linebacker with natural coverage coverage instincts. More importantly on Dallas, you just need a captain level defensive player. And to me, everything I hear from Sunonny Styles as well in terms of his leadership. Everything that I've seen has been like, oh yeah, this is a top five player at the class. It's just where does he go because he plays a linebacker position. >> Yeah. No, for sure. I think we could see, remember the 2019 draft where it

was like Bosa and Quinnon, like those were like the blue chip prospects and then we saw Deon White and Deon Bush both go in the top 10 because they were like probably some of the better prospects following that range. Like you'd argue them and like Josh Allen or Josh Hines Allen and like Brian Burns and like those guys. I think that we could see Sunny Styles even go inside the top seven or eight picks. Like I could see the commanders taking him for sure just because they're older at that position and he might just be one of the best three players in the class realistically. Like that's the thing, converted safety, so the natural coverage instincts are there. He did play basketball in high school as well, so you know, he's a natural athlete. And this year, man, like he had one of the lowest missed tackles for straight in the college football era. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So, uh, we'll take him there if he falls to 12. All that being said, we need good defensive players.

>> Yeah. And I'm gonna do another run to the podium thing because I do think that the the Rams could use secondary help. So, I'll roll with Jam McCoy here. McCoy there. I think it's just it's pretty chalky. Like he's his most commonly mocked landing spot. But I think when you have as explosive of an offense as you have, like you kind of just want your defense to like take the football away and get you stops and that kind of thing. So I think uh beefing up the secondary when you already have the front uh makes sense because like their front seven is nails. Like it's just as good as anybody's in the league. >> Yeah. No, I I think that'd be a perfect fit as well. Uh, obviously the ACL is going to be the something to track, but I do know in 2024 he was being regarded as a top five to eight level guy. And um, yeah, doing that what he was able to do at Tennessee in the SACE, matching up against Alabama, Georgia, all those top end teams, even with the injury, I'd be

shocked if he wasn't a top 15 pick, especially when did he tear it? >> Um, he tore before the season, so like it's been a a non-issue for a while. Again, we'll hear more in terms of the, you know, potential red flags combine season, I would assume. But to me, it's like teams already learned from Quinion Mitchell not to overthink it. >> Yeah. No, for sure. And Will Johnson too had a great rookie season for the Cardinals. I feel like these when when they're like really good prospects at at premium positions, we should probably chill on the whole like he had an injury that we need to be worried about unless it's like an active chronic thing or something and it flags at the combine. I feel like people a little overrated on that. So, uh, you're on the board with the Ravens here, who obviously with Jesse Mter coming in, maybe a little bit of a defensive shift philosophically, but he was, you know, in the Baltimore Ravens staff just a couple of years ago.

>> Yeah. So, a a couple things real quick, too. Um, I would have considered McCoy for the Cowboys as well. I just know they took the same type of chance on Rell last year. So, I don't know if they would take an ACL corner in the top two rounds, each of the last two. Second off, I think if Peter Woods falls to them at 14, the Ravens run to the podium. He is the exact archetype that Jesse Win Menter wants on his front. Uh an interior defensive lineman that can line up at the one, line up at the three, line up at the five. Having a guy that is that versatile is the makings of the Mter McDonald scheme. >> Yeah. Yeah. I um one fit I haven't seen very often as I think Jordan Tyson would actually be a really good compliment to Z Flowers because he's more of a downfield receiver. So I I think that would be an interesting fit if it ended up happening. But yeah, I think Peter Woods is a guy that most NFL teams could use. I mean, like you can never have too many defensive tackles, especially guys

that can both affect the run and pass game there. So, that makes a lot of sense. >> Yeah. And just watching Clemson's offensive players this year because people have said again negative on Peter Woods, he was talked about as like a top five to 10 guy coming into the year, had a little bit of down year. I can say confidently after watching the Clemson guys, I feel like everybody on Clemson had a down year. >> Yeah, [laughter] literally everybody on Clemson did have a down year. It feels like especially uh especially on offense. They had a pretty pretty down year there. So, I'm looking at a couple of different options. Like for my money, we just like Tampa Bay has to get edge help. I don't know if >> Yeah. Like how or Faulk will make sense. I mean, looking at like the metrics and like who kind of makes more sense for each team. Like how is more like your twitchy outside linebacker type by the looks of it. So, I think that would be the guy that they would gravitate

towards. >> Yeah. Like a long-term reticle placement. >> Yeah. Like it's pretty hard to be as bad of a of a pass rush as we were last year. Like let's just put it that way. Like I actually think people could look at the Bucks defense and go, "Oh, you could probably use a corner like secondary help." But I actually think their defensive secondary is actually quite good. What we need is Sunny Styles who probably won't be there or um edge help. So I I'll just roll with How here because I do think they're going to address the edge position. I do think it's very possible that we're in the sweep stakes for Max Crosby because our former assistant GM John Spytech is the GM of the Las Vegas Raiders and of course Tom Brady has a lot of connections with Jason Light and the Bucks organization. So if if Crosby gets dealt I would say that the Bucks should be the betting favorite. But I also do think it factors in you know does Evans return and like are we in more of a

maybe we retool for a year? Are we like going for it going for it? Because if we're going for it then I think that Crosby is a lot more on the table then. >> Yeah. And likewise with Dallas, like full transparency, like I if I were in this spot, I would be seeing what plus 20 can get me Max Crosby. But um I just know that there was interest at the deadline. And I also know that there was like a report that Crosby's fond of Mike Vrabel if we were to go Delta and the Patriots make sense. Those are probably be the three that I've seen him linked to the most. >> Yeah, for sure. What are you thinking for the Jets here? >> Um Jets here. Uh I mean, you already got your separator at wide receiver in a Garrett Wilson. I would prefer a different archetype than Jordan Tyson. Like if either of the top two wide receivers had fallen, I would have taken them instead. So, I could consider Tyson. I think I'm going to lean a different direction. Uh we went with front seven with the first pick. I

don't think another linebacker is going to go this high. H interesting. Uh you already have your tight end there with with Mason Taylor, so probably not that direction. >> Could go interior with Caleb, like Caleb Banks or Kane McDonald potentially. Honestly, ju Ju just give them Jordan Tyson because I would have a hard time seeing him fall outside of the top 20. >> Yeah, I think when you're when you're productive for a couple of years like that and you were productive most of your career. I my one worry would be um this Tyson slide more to the 20s because of the medical concerns. I have seen people posture that as a potential thing that happens at the combine is that Tyson will get flagged by some teams and like a third of the league will take him off their board or something like that. I do think though like if you bring in like let's just say it's a stop gap quarterback like maybe you bring in a I don't know like a Gino Smith or Jacobe Brassette or what or Kylo Murray or

somebody like that and see what you got this year. Um you do need a number two wide receiver. Again, Adnai Mitchell, he had a couple flash games. John Mchi was okay down the stretch. I think they're more suited to be threes and fours at this point in their careers. >> Yeah. Yeah, that's probably a good call. Um, I think Faulk would be interesting for the Lions here because he's like your he's more of like a 34 edge but or um uh yeah, like a three four edge five tech kind of like he's like 285, right? So like he's not like the type of guy that the Bucks would really be interested in, but I do think the Lions would be a little bit more interested in him. Um I think he's probably going to be the direction I go, but it wouldn't shock me if they went to the direction of defensive back as well because they've also kind of like the Giants with OT, it feels like they've thrown a lot of resources at defensive back and they just haven't totally stuck yet.

Like I think the Lions have some pieces back there. Obviously um a lot of injuries last year too like Joseph and and Branch and whatnot. So I I'll roll with the with the edge guy. I'll go with Faulk for the for the Lions, but I think they could very easily go with uh with secondary. And um I I also think that it wouldn't shock me if they go with the Penn State guard here, too, because they could use some interior offensive line help. >> Yeah, I think interior offensive line would make sense. Um hm. Now I'm on the board here with the Vikings and I do think um if we went into your offensive line that would also make sense currently with Will Fry, Michael Jurgens, Donovan Jackson um not the strength of their offensive line realistically when you're fully healthy with if you're Minnesota. Darasaw and Brian O'Neal are going to be the strengths. I think with Ione the fact that uh I believe he played multiple spots at Penn State if I'm not mistaken. Can you show his snap alignment?

>> Yeah, let me take a look here. Yeah. So, he played uh both guard positions a decent amount of snaps in 2024 and 2023. Moved full-time to left guard this year. I just think getting a guy that can play multiple spots, especially for a team that needs interior offensive line that are banking on JJ McCarthy working out at this point, as bleak as that may seem, you want to give him the best chance to be able to succeed. Or guess what? Next quarterback you bring in, you want a fortified offensive line. So, I do think Iona makes sense here. Yeah, they were also um like a bottom six run game in terms of like yards per game and like first downs rushing and stuff. So, they could just use some help in the interior for the run game as well. Um Carolina uh I don't think wide receiver is their biggest need. It's listed there. I mean, Tedo McMillan, they also have taken a wide >> Yeah, I know. And they've taken a wide receiver in the first round two straight years as well. Like I know hasn't really

worked out, but like they're not going to throw another pick at wide receiver in the first round. I'd have to guess there. So, I actually think that Carell would be fun just because you have like, you know, a highly paid kind of lock down corner already with JC Horn. Um, I don't know. They're they're an interesting team because I I feel like they're kind of underrated across the board. Like I think they have a relatively decent roster compared to what some people think. It looks like they hit pretty big on Scortton in the second or third round, wherever they took him last year. Um, so it would make sense to throw some more assets at the edge position or at the defensive line position or whatever. But >> yeah, they could go Sadique. I think Sadique is probably starting to become on the menu for a lot of teams in this range of the draft, but I I I talked myself into Terrell. I think uh I think I like the idea of him going there. >> I guess like you have Mike Jackson, you

have DJ Wanom in the slot opposite JC Horn, but like you first of all, you can never have too many corners and second of all, I just think that getting a guy with like the NFL pedigree, obviously his brother's plays for the Falcons in the division. I just think it would getting two corners that can really erase opposing wide receivers in a division with a lot of good wide receivers would make a lot of sense. >> Yeah. Uh now I'm gonna have to revisit the board cuz uh that may or may not have been the Cowboys pick that I was about to take. Um let me take a look. Uh can we go down a little bit? Um because obviously edge and corner are going to be the two spots that you consider most here. Um I mean uh Cece would make a ton of sense. CC or Meador would probably be the two directions that I would lean. Um I think with Christian Parker, again, a defensive backs coach coming from Philadelphia, especially learning the shells that you know have made Dick Fangio so successful in his career, I

think he's going to want to prioritize a smart defensive back on the back end. Um so it would be close. Uh again, Mezador, I think this would be that both the top of his range, 20 to 32, very very productive, but unfortunately will fall a little bit because of the age and a little bit of the medicals. Uh, I gotta go with Brandon Cece here. >> Yeah. No, that makes a lot of sense to me. I think, you know, secondary is going to be on just defense in general is going to be on the menu for the Cowboys in the first round because assuming Pickkins gets signed long term, which we don't know yet. We've heard, you know, maybe they're going to see what, you know, they could get for him on the open market while he's on the tag. I I would imagine they're probably >> That's a lot of FUD. >> I mean, if somebody's going to blow you away with an offer, then obviously you're going to listen to it. >> Be my guest. Hey, if um if a team in the top 10 wants to do their pick uh plus

pickins in 20 or something like you open up cap space, maybe you sign like a Nico Dean and some other defensive players like I think that would be the scenario, but I mean is a team really going to offer that, you know? >> No, probably not. I can't imagine they'll be too excited to do that. Um, the Steelers are a weird team because they they like got rid of like, you know, your your floor raising coach in and Mike Tomlin or he stepped away, whatever the case is. And we don't know who the quarterback is yet. I don't I think that Tai Simpson will be a heavy consideration for them. We just finished, you know, kind of grading him and whatnot. I personally would not take him this high. I do think that the Steelers are going to have a, you know, real decision, uh, as far as what they do, whether Rogers is back or not. They need a young quarterback because they've really never had one like since Big Ben. They haven't had a quarterback that they >> they tried it with Kenny.

>> Yeah. And they tried it with Rudolph as well and they just they neither of those guys worked out. I think their biggest need is wide receiver to be honest. Like they're trottting out guys that are like literally just Jags. Like just not not NFL caliber talents. And I do think by the time we get to the draft, there's going to be a couple of guys that start to rise a little bit. I know Boston's very high up for a lot of NFL scouts and whatnot, but I think that KC is going to test really well and KC's got the best blend of film analytics and hopefully, you know, combine stuff checks out and all that kind of thing. So, I think he's the type of receiver that they could use as well because he's totally opposite from DK Metaf. Well, I think at this point we can declare that the Roman Wilson pick hasn't worked out. And the same ideology that they thought Roman Wilson would play in their offense in terms of role, I think he just reroll on guy on on a guy like Casey Conpsion

because I do think he can impact that deep third like you need, man. Like he is a jitterbug. The way he moves, the way he runs routes, good compliment next to DK Mechaf. And funny enough, it's like if if Conception like fully worked out at the next level, like it would kind of look something like Tyler Lockett. [laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, and not to mention too, like >> there's no juice. There's no yak in their offense right now. Like it's all like there's a reason Kenny Gainwell is getting like seven targets a game is cuz they have nobody who could run after the catch cuz their tight ends were relatively disappointing. I would say we'll see. I think Johnny has a chance to get cut as well. So, it might be like a Fri Darnell Washington situation there long term. Um, but yeah, I think KC or like again, maybe they just opt for a guy with reliable hands who's big like Denzel Boston or they go in the direction even like by the time we get to the draft. It wouldn't shock me if

Omar Cooper is getting this like the height of his range as well. Like it wouldn't shock me if people are steaming him up to the early 20s as well. But you're on the board with the Chargers here. What are you thinking? >> Yeah, and this is a tricky one because obviously Mter leaves on defense. So I'm not exactly sure what they're going to be prioritizing in terms of what they look for in a defensive lineman. Like I think Caleb Banks, Kayen McDonald would make sense. I just don't necessarily know if they would go that direction. The other factor is like if I mean if I had made it here at this point I think they just sprint up to the pony and McGratic guard. The issue is the tackles that are listed here are more of like your prototype type of tackles rather than guys that are like really strong tackles that maybe play better at guard in the next level. So that would be the issue there. Uh ideally I would want the offensive lineman but again you have your tackle situation set to the point

where I almost lean towards the best player available on defense. And I think Caleb Banks is going to be a big-time combine riser. Um he was slated to be, you know, a top 15 pick coming into the year. Missed a ton of time, only played about three or four games. 66 330 has already dominated the offseason circuit. And I'm really curious to see how he tests. >> Yeah. Yeah. Let's I think that makes a lot of sense, too. It's very like Chargersy kind of pick as well. Yeah. >> Um this pick to me is really interesting because I think that this pick will be on offense. Um the Eagles have spent so much of their resources on defense. It feels like lately. um you know their high picks and whatnot like on you know rebuilding their secondary and whatnot. I think that they do go with an offensive skill player with this position um because a you could see AJ Brown get traded. We've heard some smoke about that. Maybe Denzel Boston's on the menu. You get you you know replace AJ

Brown with another big body who's got reliable hands and Dallas God's an unrestricted free agent. So Kenyan Sadiq definitely becomes on the menu here as well and I think he would be a lot of fun in that offense. um just the way that they could they could use him, you know, on boots and all that kind of stuff just because Jaylen can move so well. So, I think I'm going to go for the tight end. I think that especially the way that their offensive identity is slated, you already have Devonte Smith, he's a number one, you can fill out wide receivers later in the draft, there's a pretty precipitous drop off between Kenyan Sadique and the rest of the tight ends. And if you don't um if you don't resign God uh and you want to you know use Sadiq in more of like a hybrid role because you're going to be a runheavy team and you don't want to you know have Denzel Boston run and win sprints out there. Sadique can help you more in the run game because he's a tight end and

you can kind of move him into the slot and whatnot. I think Sadi for the Eagles is one of my favorite like sneaky fits and people would probably look at it and go oh like whatever like why would they do that? But like I I think God's going to probably leave. It sounds like they've been trying to get rid of Goddard for a while whether he was on like the trade market or whatever. So, I like Sadique to the to the Eagles there. >> Yeah. And there's a little bit of a connection uh not in terms of, you know, the Eagles to Sadi, but Shawn Manion coming as an assistant from Green Bay. We've seen the develop development of Tucker Craft, specifically in terms of just how great he is after the catch. He knows the value of having a guy like Tucker Craft who can take a four-yard drag and turn it into a 28 yard gain. So, I do think that the Eagles going to be a team that looks at a guy like Kenyan Sadik and thinks, "Hey, we can turn him into obviously he is not Tucker Craft." Like, that's not his comparison

in my opinion, but they can use him in space like Tucker Craft's been used in Green Bay. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Um, second pick for the Browns. Um, we went offensive tackle I believe with the first pick. Yeah, we went with Spencer Fanu or Feno, I don't know how to say his name. Um, what do you got for Cleveland here at 24? Denzel Boston on the board. Other receivers on the board. I think it's possible that receiver is the position they would go with, but they could still, like we said, use another offensive lineman if we wanted to do it. >> Yeah, I think, hey, you ate your meat and potatoes. Now it's time for dessert, man. Go add a wide receiver. Go take Denzel Boston. Like he kind of alluded to, I don't think he's going to fall much further than this based off the overall consensus that we've seen from the NFL draft thus far. Uh, he's kind of being talked about more so as a top 15 to 25 guy rather than like a 24 to 32 guy. So, I do think this is about I

would I I don't want to say the floor of where where he'll go at the next level because I do think in terms of both of our evaluations, he's more of like a one-two turn type of wide receiver anyways. But in terms of how the NFL views him, man, the frame, the route running, the ability to just be a good solid fundamental wide receiver. Very Michael Pitmany. >> Yeah, I think um the deep portion of the field in the hands is what's getting NFL scouts excited is that he can he can track a football and he he's not he's going to be reliable. And I feel like with the Browns, you're like, you seem like as a team, you just everybody's unreliable on the Browns. And I think Denzel Boston would really upgrade your outside wide receiver position from like Jerry Judy and some of the guys that you have there now. Um, Chicago, I'm on the board with them. I uh I think that they're probably going to go defense would be my guess cuz like depth was really tested for them this year where

like at times their defense looked horrendous because there were so many players injured and then at other times they were very competitive defense despite the injuries. So, I think they would probably opt for like defensive depth and defensive players here. And I've seen Kade McDonald go really high before. So, I think he would just be kind of a best player available situation where they would just go, "Yeah, we're going to add some defensive line help." >> Yeah, I I think the Bears are going to be very interested in adding a front seven player. And I think McDonald make a ton of sense. Comes from a big school athletic player kind of seeming he seems like the NFL prototype that would go in this range too. >> For sure. Yeah. What are you thinking for the uh Bills? Here's my two cents is that everybody's going to want them to take a wide receiver, but they've kind of shown in their DNA that they're going to like sign Darnell Mooney off the scrap heap and think their receiver job

is filled. And I I do think it's possible they go in the direction of a veteran wide receiver anyways, like whether it's like a Debo or a Nauk or Tyreek or somebody that that becomes available via cut or something. >> Yeah, I don't think they draft a receiver. I'm actually leaning either the edge position or potentially a linebacker here because we do have a couple linebackers that could potentially have been getting, you know, first round buzz. CJ Allison, uh CJ Allison, CJ, um Allen and Anthony Hill are the two guys being talked about in this range. Um yeah, it's either going to be one of those two guys or a TJ Parker. Looking at their linebacker position right now, uh it is slated their two main starters are Matt Milano and Terrell Bernard. Keep in mind Matt Milano, you know, I believe he's 33 at this point. They could very well use a young juice added to their linebacker position. And if that's the case, you take an athlete like CJ Allen, yeah, he's not the most adept in terms of his

own coverage at this point, but you get a sidelines to sideline athlete, you get a guy that can really get downhill, 88.8 run defense grade, and I do think he'd be a seamless fit in Buffalo. >> They need to get tougher on the defensive end. >> Yeah. No, they need to get tougher against the run specifically because they just get gashed constantly there. So, yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Um, you and I have talked about this fit many, many times and I just want to do it because I do think that they are going to really love Omar Cooper Jr. from >> it >> from uh from Indiana. So, uh I mean they're going to probably jettison uh Brandon Aayuk out of town because you know he's kind of being a knucklehead. I do think that a major need for San Francisco is offensive line though. Like if there were an offensive lineman that they really coveted here, that's probably the direction that they would go. whether it's like a Caden Proctor, if they feel like they need a tackle.

From my understanding, he's like he played left tackle primarily at Alabama. So, do you want to flip sides on him? You know, Trent Williams, you still feel good about him. Um, that would be like the the one thing hanging me up on it, but I just I again, we this was supposed to be predictive, but I do think by the time we get to the draft, Omar Cooper will be a staple of the late first round, early second round. Maybe people don't like that because they go, he's not routinely mocked this high or whatever. You usually get him in the second or third round. promise you by the time we get to the actual NFL draft, Omar Cooper is going to be the type of guy that you have to take near the end of the first round, early in the second round because he's that talented, man. He's got great hands. He's great after the catch. He's explosive in space. He can, you know, run all the routes in the book. I think that Omar Cooper would be a perfect seamless fit in San Francisco.

>> If you want to know how on board I was with that pick, I was literally constantly trying to look ahead on if the 49ers were even odds because I would have done the exact same thing had they been an even pick. >> Yeah, I just love the fit so much. So, um, you are on the board with Houston, who I would say needs-wise doesn't really match up with the current board right now. Like, is there >> offensive line? >> Yeah, I mean, offensive line makes sense. Like, who who are we looking at for the Houston Texans uh right tackle situation right now? >> Uh, they have Trent Brown who's 33 years old and has had an an extensive injury history >> for sure. Yeah. I mean, they just need Are you going to go with Proctor here then? >> Yeah, I think I'm going to lean Proctor here. Um, they've gone Alabama too before in the past, so I do think they uh keep tradition. >> Yeah, for sure. Yeah, like I I feel like the Texans have had offensive line

issues my entire adult life. [laughter] So, uh yeah, >> Matt Shaw days included. >> Yeah. M I like literally When have the Texans had a good offensive line? Like early into Shawn's career, I think it was pretty decent when they had >> Dwayne Brown days. >> Yeah, Dwayne Brown days and whatnot. But yeah, it's it's it's not been great there for them. Um, I think the Rams would probably be a little salty about that because I feel like the Rams could use some tackle help as well. Um, >> there's a couple though. Lumu and I know Freeland's Freeling's been getting some buzz from like Kyper and them guy. >> Yeah. Well, we already took who did we take in the 13 here? We took Jamal McCoy. So, we went in the secondary on the defensive side. I think it's possible they would go offense cuz like doesn't Jackson have some kind of like issue like uh medically that has popped up a couple times. Does he have like clots or something like that?

>> Yeah, I believe there there was something listed here. Let me let me fact check you there. But I do remember that being a story. >> Yeah, I mean McClendon Dodson like uh Havenstein obviously up there in age. I think they could go tackle here, man. I I'll go with I'll go with Caleb Lamu. Again, I can't pretend to know a lot about these tackles. We're not NFL draft guys. We're we're fantasy guys. I'll roll with the tackle position. I think they might need to just improve their best five out there, especially knowing that, yes, the back wasn't an issue for Stafford this year at all, but it's it's no, you know, guarantee that it won't pop up next year, and you want to keep them as clean as possible. And it's already a pretty complete roster. Like, you have, you know, have offensive skill talent, you add a defensive back at 13 like I picked there. So, I'll I'll roll with a with a tackle there. Go with a meat and potatoes pick.

>> Yeah. So now I'm on the clock here with the with the Broncos and nothing's really jumping off to me cuz I mean let's put it bluntly. The Broncos top to bottom from a roster perspective, there aren't many holes to begin with. Like especially on defense, you look across the board, defensive line, check. Linebacker play, check. Their secondary has been one of the best in the NFL, check. You look at offense, yeah, sure you you would use a number one wide receiver, but realistically there's none on the board here to the point I would feel comfortable taking in the first round. I don't know if this is fantasy brain, but we have seen in the past Shawn Peyton consensus said he shouldn't take Bicks at 12. What did he do, Cory? >> He took Bon Knicks at 12. >> Consensus said at that point, oh well, the first five quarterbacks went off the board. How are you going to take quarterback six off the board at 12? Shawn Peyton's answer was because I know

what I'm getting and I know I can work with this. And I honestly think a similar scenario could happen with Eli Stoers. Again, he's more of a top 50 to top 75 >> Eli Stoers in the first round, >> but like just knowing it's Shawn Peyton, that's why I'm considering it. I don't know if I'm going to pull the trigger on it, but >> I I can't I can't see him getting into the first round. And as much as I like him as a receiver, I just >> he tests well. >> If he tests well, it's possible. I think if he were to go for a position where they're like, "Oh, I didn't know he was going to go in the first round." I actually think Jadarian Price would be more likely to go here really >> if we were going to go I I don't I don't think Stoers really has a chance in hell to go in the first round just because he's going to be undersized and he doesn't really present much as a blocker. But if they view him as like,

"Hey, he's we're going to view him as a big slot receiver, not really as a blocker or whatever." But I don't know. >> Well, that's the thing. It's like I I don't know if I can actually pull the trigger, but the Broncos are not a team you can look at and say they're going to do what Consensus thinks they will. That's why I almost think Shawn Payeyton thinks he can just outsmart the board. >> Yeah. I mean, as a Horn fan, I think that Anthony Hill is going to end up one of the best picks of the entire draft. I was if he goes early second round or late first round I think that a team like I'm hoping if we don't get Sunonny Styles which we probably won't I am really hoping that Anthony Hill is within striking distance that Jason Light could potentially move up for him because I think Anthony Hill is really really smart really explosive and he just needs to be coached up and Todd BS would be a really good coach to have in that situation

>> and and honestly that'd probably get less negative comments than Eli Stoers so we can give them Anthony Hill. I guess that would be the next le next need cuz I believe Singleton's a UFA. >> Yeah. Yeah. And and I mean the Broncos taking defense. I mean that kind of adds up as well. Just beef up your strength already. I think the Patriots would probably run to the podium for TJ Parker here. Like this is feels like a pretty >> over an offensive tackle after what Will Campbell look like. >> I mean I mean again I don't know enough about these tackles. I mean I see this Monroe guy's got a 85.7 pass blocking grade experience at left and right tackles. So you know what? I'll take your word for it. Let's go with an offensive tackle for the New England Patriots after um a pretty pathetic showing. I I think that said a lot more about defense than it did about the Patriots offensive line. Personally, >> it very well could, but even still, it's

like at some point you got to accept the responsibility, Will, for allowing 14 recorded pressures. Like the bleeding at some point. >> Yeah, the T-Rex arm edits on Twitter was funny. >> It was crazy. Yeah. Are the rich about to get richer up front? Um, I mean, we could we if we wanted to get really really dumb, we can give them a Keem Meador, a Lee Hunter, which would be just absurd. Um, >> is TJ Parker like are we baked? Like, is he like because he's again I don't do I know a lot about this guy? He's ranked 23 on this board. I I don't know if he's constantly going this. He's listed at 29 in NFL mock draft database. >> He I mean, he's in this consideration, too. Um, Mezador was a lot more productive this year, especially as a pass rusher. Like his pass rush win rate, overall sack number, pressure number was one of the best in the class. Uh, TJ Parker's more like the prototype. You know, the 6'4, 265 pound edge, was a lot better two years ago. This past year

wasn't as good. Um, he could very well go go in the first round. I'm just not sure if the NFL kind of has convinced themselves off of him. >> Yeah, for sure. I mean, he looks like he's been productive all three years of his career. I'd probably say that he should go in the first >> probably bet to go in the first >> based on my initial look at this. Um I don't know. I'll let you you got the final pick here if you want to go ahead with it. >> Yeah. And um he's also multiple too which could help him as well knowing how diverse Magdonald runs it over there. Yeah, we I mean we can go Parker. He's also looked good at the Senior Bowl based off what I've seen on Twitter. >> For sure. Yeah. So that is the end of the mock here. Again, we are we are fantasy guys. Let's try not to take everything too seriously because ultimately we'll get some people going, "They would never do that in a million years." It's like, well, it's not that

deep, guys. We're not actually the ones drafting. We're just doing a mock draft. It's fun. Comfortable is over. We got the official um mock draft or we got the official draft order so we can have some fun with this. But yeah, this is the mock that we ended up going with. Um anything I'll let you say your favorite pick here. We're not going to recap everything, but uh I my favorite pick personally is um I love the idea of selfishly Cashy is how I think he fits our defense very well, but I also like the Aven Terrell pick um going across from JC Horn. That would be my favorite pick that I made. >> Yeah, Ter I mean Terrell too with all the ball production he had this year in terms of forced fumbles, interceptions, like he he >> you want producer opposite a lockown guy. That's you always want that. It's like Riley Moss is a good ball production guy opposite a lockdown guy. People are going to throw like the Devon Witherspoon comp out there in terms of

both size and like just tenacity. Uh the ability to play in the nickel too. Yeah, I like the Terrell fit a lot. Um him or Cay I was perfectly confident at 20. Terms of my fit that is a non-cowboys fit and I hate to admit this man, but I think Kenyan Sadi to the Eagles would be a home run if he fell to them at 23. I really do. >> Yeah, I don't see him going as high as like 11 to the Dolphins. While I think he could go that high, I just I think he's going to be more of a mid to back end of the first guy. just because we've seen these tight ends kind of slide a little bit like Bowowers and Warren and I mean Lovelin went pretty high I would say relative to his range but Bowowers and Warren going where they went they could have gone for sure like in the top eight top 10 just as as prospects so I think it's possible that Sadique who's definitely a step down in my opinion slightly from those guys um has a chance to go more so in the early 20s as opposed to like the mid teens or

whatever where Brock Bowers and Warren went. I'll tell you right now, if the Cowboys figured it out to patch up all their defensive needs before the draft, I would heavily consider them at 20 as well. >> Yeah. And I I probably wouldn't want him at 15 for the Bucks, but I wouldn't be obscenely pissed about it because I do think offensive weapons win [snorts] pretty well in this league. Um although the Seahawks winning the Super Bowl is not a good example of that. Uh yeah, that is the mock. Let us know what you think down below. Um if you guys are first time checking us out, go ahead and check out some of the fantasy content. Um and yeah, like, comment, subscribe, all that good stuff. Peace out.
