In Dynasty Fantasy Football, this time of year, everybody's looking to free up roster space. Maybe you have four or five guys you have to cut bait with. You're probably trying to free up roster space cuz you have a lot of incoming rookie picks. Maybe you have eight rookie picks. This video is for you. Today, I'm going to be breaking down dynasty players that you should give up on. It's over. It's done. It's time to move on. Part one will be 17 players that I'm selling for whatever I can get for them because I think ultimately their value will continue to decline. And then part two will be just outright cut candidates. Assuming you guys are in leagues 25 to 35 total roster spots, those types of dynasty leagues. Any deeper you can probably hold the players that I'm going to talk about in part two. Any shallower and these guys won't be really relevant to your specific league. So any specific decisions you guys have because I know this is going to vary person to person what the

decision is. Leave them down below in the comments. And in part two, I'll show you guys exactly how you can also make this uh decision yourself. And while you're down in the comments, leave a like, subscribe, hype the video if you're on mobile. Uh, all that stuff helps out. So, let's talk about some players that you should be selling low on. Guys that are not sell high candidates, they are sell low candidates, as in you have them, they've lost some value, and you should probably be looking to move on. Now, this first one is going to piss off some Green Bay Packers fans. Now, I want to separate fantasy and reality for one second here. When I say that I am selling low and trying to get out of Matthew Golden, I'm not saying that the Packers are terrible organization for drafting Matthew Golden because Packers fans are really irritated every time I talk about this. What I'm talking about is the chances in which Matthew Golden becomes a 1,00 plus yard receiver, a guy we care about for

fantasy. Matthew Golden is your classic classic example of a face planner. A couple years ago, you guys probably would have heard us talk about this concept. Essentially, when you are a highly drafted wide receiver prospect like Matthew Golden was, who was, you know, a mid20s wide receiver prospect when drafted back in May of 2025, and you lose a significant amount of dynasty ADP, wide receiver 40, wide receiver 45, and ADP right now. That is an example of the dynasty market telling us what we think of Matthew Golden. And my example or my definition of a face planner is a little different because I like to really ding players who had the opportunity to produce as rookies and didn't. Because when you think about the Green Bay Packers situation last year, you have Jaden Reed goes down for the year pretty much with a shoulder injury in week two. Christian Watson didn't come back on the field until later in the season, week nine, week 10. Romeo Dobs is of course there, but he's just

kind of an average receiver, decent receiver, number two, number three caliber receiver. And then also Tucker Craft uh tore his ACL in week eight. So some people might be looking optimistically at Matthew Golden thinking, okay, he was a first round pick. He got acclimated to the NFL year two. He's going to break out cuz Romeo Dobs is no longer there. I would argue that he should have broken out last year. He should have had a much better rookie season than he ended up having. The fact that you could see his historical comps here, five PPR points per game as a rookie. You got guys like QJ and and Parker Washington. Maybe that's his like ceiling going forward as far as what he can be for fantasy. But then you also have like Kendrick Bourne, Equinamia St. Brown, Elijah Moore, those type of guys. You don't want to see rookie wide receivers come out and not have good rookie seasons, especially when they're first round picks and they have the opportunity to get on the field and produce with a good quarterback. And

another part of this whole equation is that Matthew Golden was a boom or bust prospect. This is not Jackson Smith and Jigba's rookie season where he couldn't get on the field, but he was an exceptional prospect. A lot of people thought Matthew Golden was overrated heading into the draft. Realistically, in his four-year college career, the only great production he had was at the end of the Texas season in 2025 or in the 2024 season. So, we're looking at a guy in Matthew Golden who was probably an overvalued prospect, had a bad rookie season, and then when you combine those two factors and the fact that he had opportunity, was on a good team, on a good offense, had a chance to produce, it is very unlikely he becomes a solid fantasy contributor at any point in his career. So, I would sell him and roll into a second round rookie pick. I know you guys probably spent 109, 110, 111, 112, something like that on him last year, but you should sell him for any second round rookie pick and get out

while you still have the opportunity to. So, I know that one's going to piss some people off. He was the one that I had to go the most in-depth on because he is the most expensive of the guys that I'm going to be talking about here, but definitely a guy that I am worried about. Another guy that people would have drafted very highly in rookie drafts is Caleb Johnson. His year one comps, man, they are rough. You got Tank Bsby here. You got Will Shipley. Uh DJ Giddens, who of course was in last year's class as well. Caleb Johnson truly might have had the worst rookie season I can remember for a rook rookie running back, especially one that was drafted in the third round who was actually like a decent prospect. Like if we compare him in the prospect model, 71.65 FSE grade in my prospect model. A legitimate guy who was, you know, projected to be somewhere in between Cam Scaboo, Bay Shel Tutin, and then the Judkins Henderson level prospect. that's where he slotted in in the prospect

model. And despite having backfield competition that was good but not great, like Jaylen Moore and Kenny Gainwell were more significant competition than we ended up thinking. But if Caleb Johnson was that guy, he would have gone into that season and been the dude. He would have been the starting running back. Could he turn his career around? Of course, anything is possible. But it is extremely unlikely at this point that a player as bad as Caleb Johnson was. 2.5 yards per carry, just 28 carries despite third round draft capital, I would be selling him for pretty much anything I can get for him. If you get third round picks and that's all you get offered, that's great. If somehow you can convince somebody to give you a second round pick in 2028 for Caleb Johnson and a third round pick this year, do it because he is very, very unlikely to ever become a fantasy relevant RB1 or RB2. And the fact that it's a regime change, they now have Rico Dattle. um they could still add in the

draft. So, moving into Trey Benson. Now, here's the reality. When you're a guy like Trey Benson, you were selected like Caleb Johnson in the third round. When you're not a day one uh selected running back, a round one or a round two selected running back, you have the opportunity to compete for a starting job. You don't you are not guaranteed a starting job at any point in your career. And that's what people sometimes uh misconstrued the third round capital with lumping it in with second round capital because it's day two capital. They're different hit rate wise. Round two capital is very different than round three capital for a running back. And again, on the off chance that you have an opportunity to prove yourself like Trey Benson had this year when the reliable bellcow James Connor goes down with a major injury, Benson himself gets hurt and can't take advantage of that opportunity to produce. And in my opinion, Benson may have missed the boat. That might have been his

opportunity to produce, show to the Arizona Cardinals brass that he can be a starting running back in the NFL. him getting hurt um resulted in them signing Tyler Algier, bringing back James Connor in a short-term deal. Bam Knight is back on the team as well. And who knows, they could still draft somebody. I don't think they're going to draft Jeremiah Love at number three overall, but I do think they could add a Seth McGawan in round five and further muddy up this backfield. So, this is coming from somebody, as you guys probably know, who liked Trey Benson, who still likes Trey Benson. And I actually really liked him as a prospect because he was a great athlete. He had good Mr. tackles force rate and all that kind of stuff. So, my issue with Trey Benson right now is that durability dating back to FSU and Oregon has been a problem for him. And I would sell him for any third round capital or better because at this point in his career, he is probably a backup running back who will only get on the field if

the starter ahead of him gets hurt. And even when that happened, he proved that he couldn't hold on to the workload himself by getting injured. I It's unfortunate. Ideally, he would have, you know, we might live in a parallel univer universe where he had a monster season this year, but unfortunately, that is not the universe that we're living in right now. So, Trey Benson probably a guy that I would sell low on, not sell high on. At one point, he was worth like an early to mid-second. He's probably only worth a third round pick at this point. He's still 23.7 years old. That's younger than some of the running backs in this class. I would sell that to your league mates. It's pretty unlikely he's ever going to be a starting running back in the NFL at this point. Moving in to Debo Samuel and Stefon Diggs. I'll kind of lump these guys in together because they both are similar cells for the same reason. Clearly past their prime wide receivers, formerly very, very

productive. Even this year, Debo Samuel and Stefon Diggs both had stretches where they were very usable for fantasy. And the fact that they're still available in free agency right now tells me kind of what the NFL thinks of them at this point in their career. Maybe you hold them until they sign somewhere because they probably won't sign until after the compensatory pick formula is no longer affected being in June after the NFL draft. Maybe they go to a team and they're able to carve out a number two or a number three type of projection in most people's fantasy minds here. But the bigname nature of these two and their prior production this past year, in my opinion, means that you can probably get a second rounder from a contending team when they actually sign somewhere. Or if you really want to, you could probably cash out for an early third rounder now before that ends up happening. And even maybe you can uh you could trade away Debo Samuel plus the the 303 or something to move up to the

209 during your rookie draft with a contender. I think those types of moves make a lot of sense to me. Debo Samuel and Stefon Diggs, given their age, given their injury histories and whatnot. I think at this point in their careers, neither of them are likely to regain uh significant fantasy production. Could they turn out a Keenan Allen type year next season? Probably. But I do think that if you can get if you can sell them on the back of hype when they eventually sign. That is probably what I would be looking to do and kind of clear out some roster space there. U moving in to Woody Marks. Now, Woody Marks, the best time to sell him would have been 2, three months ago before they traded for David Montgomery because in my opinion, based on what I thought of him coming out of the draft and also what he's proven in the NFL, he's a passcatching role player. He's not an early down back. He's not a three- down back. He's also already 25 years old despite being a rookie last year. Your window to sell

him was probably when he was going for early to mid seconds two months ago before they signed David Montgomery, traded for David Montgomery. So maybe there's still time in your league if people are asleep at the wheel to get any kind of second round capital at all for Woody Marks. But I would be willing to take any early to mid-proed thirds at this point because Woody Marks 3.6 six yards per carry his rookie season, 1.99 yards after contact per attempt, which was bottom five among running backs. And he was bottom 10 in rushing success rate. Not to mention, he was in the medical tent pretty much every game that he ended up playing. He's just not built for an early down role. I think he will be a contributing part of this backfield. But contributing meaning, you know, he's a low low-end flex play, maybe a handcuff at best. So, if you can get out on him and, you know, switch and pivot into like the third round of rookie classes. Another part of why I made this video too is I'm now 50 plus

players deep into this class. And while it is true that from 107 through 208 or something, this class isn't the greatest. From 209 through the 405, I actually really like this class. I actually really think that the depth of the tight end position, the depth of the wide receiver position, the couple dart throws that I like at running back, couple dart throws that I like at quarterback. I think that trading for third round rookie picks right now is super underrated. trading for fourth round rookie picks right now. Super underrated because I do think like 2023's class where you had Tank Dell and Puka Nakua and some of those later round guys. I think eventually we will see some of the guys out of the third and fourth round of rookie drafts in 2026 actually emerge. So I am looking to stack up picks in that territory especially to move off of like roster clogger guys that probably won't be super super valuable. So, uh, moving into Bill Crosky Merritt, Jaka Krosky Merritt, who obviously was the rookie

sensation, every fantasy analyst favorite, uh, sleeper last year. I view, uh, Bill very similar to Matthew Golden. Yes, there were some high moments, some buzz, and ultimately he did have a couple decent games, but if he was a better player, he would have won people leagues. He would have been the best rookie running back probably all season because Brian Robinson gets dealt, Austin Eckler goes down with a major injury. He should have been a league winner last year if he was, you know, everything he was cracked out to be, but instead he commands 37% of the team's carries. He commands 39% of the team snaps. And other than what, week five against the Los Angeles Chargers, he didn't even have a big workload in that game. And then a couple games later on in the season, week 17 versus Dallas, week 15 versus the Giants, which I believe Chris Rodriguez might have been banged up for some of those games. He just never saw a big workload. And then what did the Commanders do in the offseason so far? They brought in Rashad

White. They brought in Jerome Ford. Both of whom are more experienced fantasy assets than Jaka Crosky. Merritt White actually has a top 12 finish under his belt. And also they're most definitely going to draft Jeremiah Love if he lands on the board at seven if he doesn't go to Tennessee or New York with four or five. So I think at some point in the draft they're going to address the running back position. And even if they roll into the season with just Rashad White, Jerome Ford, Bill Crosky, Merritt, Jeremy McNichols, whoever else they have, I do think that Jakori Kroski Merritt will probably be a backup. And similar to Marks, he's also a 25-year-old secondy-ear running back who was not a very good prospect to begin with. You look at his prospect profile, it was pretty bad. So, moving into two disappointing third-year wide receivers, we have Keon Coleman, who's the butt of every single joke and every prospect that can't separate becomes Keon Coleman in the prospect cycle right now. The

only saving grace keeping Kon Coleman from being an outright cut in Dynasty Leagues is the fact that he's younger than some of the wide receivers in this class. He's like the same age as Elijah Serat and Skyler Bell and some of the guys that are in this class. He won't even be 23 until next month. So maybe there's a Keon Coleman truther out there in your specific league. I didn't think any of them existed, but I was able to sell him off in addition to um like a third round rookie pick for like the 211 in this year's rookie class and one dynasty league that I'm in. So if for some reason somebody's excited about Keon Coleman in your league, throw them in a package deal to get rid of him. Uh or sell him for any draft capital. the third ideally, but I would even take like two fours for him or something at this point in his career. So again, Keon Coleman probably not going to be anything special. The best time to sell him would have definitely been week two of last season when after that that

100yard game against Baltimore, he was really flying high in the Dynasty wide receiver rankings. So um hopefully you sold him off then, but if you didn't, unfortunately, you're probably looking at a dead asset or close to a dead asset. Now, speaking of close to a dead asset, we have Xavier Legette, who was also uh similarly, I think he was the pick before Keon Coleman or close to it in that exact 2024 draft. Former firstrounder, definitely was a risky prospect coming in. You guys can see a 63.21% FSE prospect grade with first round draft capital is not a good number. And he was a great athlete and that's why he went high. But he was similar to what I said with Matthew Golden. I think Matthew Golden would be on this career trajectory a year from now if he doesn't produce again. He's been outperformed by literally an undrafted free agent on his own team, Jaylen Coker. And of course, they have Tedaro McMillan. And the Panthers have been heav he heavily linked to Kenyan Sadique. Some of the

wide receivers like Jordan Tyson, Casey Conpsion, uh Denzel Boston, and so on. Um Xavier Legette is very likely just roster clutter at this point in time. I would sell him for anything. R-rolling on even a third or a fourth round rookie pick or just throwing him into a package deal. Again, if you're on the board in your rookie draft at the the 402 and you want to trade up to the 306, just throw Xavier Legette on there and see if anybody's interested. But like I said, probably nobody is in your specific league. Um, moving into Taj Spears, very similar to what I said with Trey Benson. Spears as a third round pick had some opportunities to start for his team. Derrick Henry leaves in free agency. They sign Tony Pard. Tony Pard gets banged up. Taj Spears is productive at the end of last season or two seasons ago. And then coming into this season, even despite Tony Pard not being effective, Taj Spears can't take over that backfield because he's banged up. And during the 2023 draft process, we

heard that he got flagged with like knee injuries and his durability concerns have followed him into the NFL. He's talented. He has some ability even as a handcuff. But number one, Tony Pard is still on the team. He's still present on the team. I thought he would get cut. He didn't. Number two, the Titans are the overwhelming favorite to draft Jeremiah Love. And that would nuke both Tony Pard and Taj Spears. And three, even if they don't take Jeremiah Love, they're probably going to add a significant contributor to the backfield of some kind. Whether it's in the second round, the third round, the fourth round, whatever, they'll probably add somebody to this backfield. And even if they don't, Tony Pard has started over Taj Spears his entire career. When you're not healthy enough and the team doesn't trust you enough to hold on to a workload, you're just going to become roster cloggers. All right, moving into the quarterback and the tight end positions. Uh, Michael Pennock Jr.

Quarterbacks are only valuable if they're starters and the starting viability of Michael Penn right now is under serious question because he's coming off of his third ACL tear and also he had shoulder injuries and when he's been on the field he hasn't been productive. So what exactly is the point of rostering Michael Pennock so that you have a third quarterback that you feel like could start 13.37 points per game last year in nine games and then before that in in 2024 he had that stretch of games against easy defenses where he was kind of decent. But now that they add Tuong of Aloa, who I would argue is a better quarterback than Michael Penn. As as much as you can say negatively about Tuatong Aloa, um, Michael Penn's questions continue to surround him from a starting job standpoint. I could definitely be wrong about this one and he could bounce back and be a functional QB2 for your dynasty team. But as somebody who was not high on Michael Penn to begin with coming out of

college, three ACL tears, shoulder injuries, and when he is healthy, he's not productive despite having good weapons to throw to. What's the point of holding him? What's the point of risking it? Get a second round pick if you can to your resident Falcons fan or to your Michael Pennix truther and get the hell out of this dynasty asset while he's still worth something because I do I I would argue that both him and the next guy I'm going to talk about are headed for Will Levis territory where they're not worth anything uh going forward and they're just backups and you hope and pray that they're the next Sam Darnold at that point. So, moving into nine, JJ McCarthy. The Vikings have told us what they think of JJ McCarthy as a future starter by signing Kyler Murray. Kyler Murray is a much better quarterback than JJ McCarthy. I don't buy for one second that even if they spin this like Kyler's going to start for a year and then we're going to go back to JJ after the 2025

2026 season, it's not going to happen. Either Kyler's going to remain with the Vikings and sign an extension, which I believe will be the most likely outcome because I think that Kyler Murray is a good quarterback and when he has weapons to throw to, he can be a great quarterback. I think that's going to be the most likely outcome. But even if for whatever reason Kyler Murray hit free agency after this year because he can't be franchise tagged according to his new contract, the Vikings would probably draft a quarterback. They'd probably go out after another veteran quarterback because nobody, especially not Justin Jefferson and some of the guys there want to see JJ McCarthy as a starting quarterback unless he's, you know, the backup and and Kyler gets hurt or something. So the only hope in my opinion, if you hold the JJ McCarthy the asset is that you can get a change of scenery down the road. Maybe he develops year three, year four, year five of his career in a different situation. The LA

Rams trade for him or something. I would cash out right now on the off chance that your league mates think he can beat out Kyler Murray, get traded to the Rams, etc. Right now, I think he is destined to be worth less than a second round rookie pick and you might still get a second round rookie pick for him. If you can't get it, you could hold him, I suppose, but I would sell him even for an early third round rookie pick because again, even when he's been on the field, he's not super productive. He played in 10 games this year, averaged 12.5 fantasy points per game in games that he like didn't leave early in. I suppose you could say he had a couple nice performances against the Bears, against the Commanders, against the Cowboys and stuff. So, he's a little bit better for fantasy than Michael Penn was when he was on the field, but I still don't believe in JJ McCarthy long term. So, I would be selling him for anything I can get. Shadur Sanders, the NFL told us that Shadur Sanders was overrated when

they let him round fall to round five. Now, I think he should have went on like round two, round three because that was the grade that I had on him coming out. Could he start this year? Sure, he could definitely start some games. I think he will start some games this year, maybe. But the Browns are currently hyping up Deshaawn Watson as the starter. And Deshun Watson, say what you want, about him, is a multi-time top five fantasy quarterback. And I do think he's better than Shadur Sanders even at this point in his career. So, if they choose the PR headache, Deshun Watson over Shadur Sanders this season, it wouldn't shock me if A Watson plays be good enough that he can maybe hold his job or b the most likely scenario, they are both bad and they draft a quarterback in 2027. So, I would sell the hope that your league mate thinks that Dion Sanders's son, Shadur Sanders, could play himself into the QB1 job this year and going forward. I think it's a very very very steep uphill battle that that Shadur has in

front of him right now. And if they take like Carnell Tate in the first round, you're going to have a sell high window on Shadur. And that is why I would be selling him for again whatever you can get for him. Early third round, mid third round pick is what I'd be willing to sell him for. But if they take Carnell Tate in the first round, it's possible you can actually get a second round pick for Shadur Sanders. So, uh, moving into a couple guys that are justopium guys. Justin Fields, Kansas City might start him for a couple games if Mahomes isn't ready. I would sell on the hope of that and also the hope that because he's, you know, an athletic quarterback, people think that when he gets starting opportunities, he's going to be fantasy relevant, which is not entirely untrue, but it's not like he's reliable or anything. When he starts games, yes, he can run the ball and and be fantasy relevant, but I just don't know how many more cracks at starting jobs he's going to get. And I think he

may have run out in that regard when uh he flamed out with the Jets. And then same goes with Anthony Richardson where people are going to view Richardson similar to McCarthy. It's like, "Hey, let's just get him to the Rams, let him develop. He could be the next Sam Darnold, the next Baker Mayfield, the next Daniel Jones." I just don't think that's the case because the rhetoric around Darnold, even when he was a backup, the rhetoric around Mayfield, even when he was a backup, the rhetoric around Daniel Jones, even when he was a backup, was that there were people around the league that thought they could start games. Nobody likes Anthony Richardson as a starting quarterback. Nobody likes Justin Fields as a starting quarterback at this point in time, especially given the like, you know, injury taking himself out of the game stuff that Anthony Richardson has. I just don't envision him ever being a great franchise quarterback at any point in his career. And I think that people

will, you know, he'll be the next Tre Lance or he'll be the next, you know, whatever quarterback that flames out and is worth nothing in Dynasty. So, if somehow you can get a late second or an early third for Anthony Richardson or Justin Fields at this point in time, you got to go ahead and do it because these are players that in my opinion are closer to being cut candidates on your dynasty rosters than they are into being more than that. So, uh, quickly on the tight ends, Evan Ingram, they're probably going to draft one. um they don't have a first round pick anymore and they just brought in Jaylen Wadd, but Evan Ingram inexplicably is still on the roster. Even though I think that Elijah or um uh Eli Stoers or Justin Jolie or Max Claire, somebody from the uh tight end class is going to be a Denver Bronco after the draft rounds two, three, four, or five. Sell anything. Evan Ingram, you get anything for him. I would sell him at this point in time. Again, probably closer to being

a cut candidate. And then Elijah Royo, same age as AJ Barner, who took him over in the in the tight end core this year. vastly outplayed him. I was lower on Elijah Royal, the prospect. You can see the grade is very, very low in the prospect model. And also too, people have a sunk cost fallacy on him. They drafted him probably in like the third round of the rookie draft. Maybe you could still get a third round rookie pick for him. Tight ends take time to develop, so on and so forth. So, um, let's get into part two of this video, which is like players you can outright cut. And I'm going to give you a couple, uh, awesome tools to be able to determine who you should be cutting. So, the easiest way to determine who's a cut candidate on your Dynasty roster, let me move myself out of the way here for a second, is to use our Dynasty portfolio manager. So, you can go to a specific Dynasty team of yours, and you can look at who your least valuable assets are. So, this if you have to cut three

players, I could just go, okay, Trey Palmer, Jamari Thrash aren't even ranked in our expert rankings. They're cut candidates. And then maybe I go, "Ah, Rashene Ali's running back 104. I'm going to cut him as well." That's the easiest way to find your cut candidates. And you can uh sort our dynasty portfolio manager by overall dynasty rankings. Uh contender takes uh directly from underdog. So you can see where they're going in reddraft as well. Uh rebuilding will uh factor in value of picks and whatnot. And again, you could do this league by league. You can go to a different dynasty league. This one's a little bit more shallower of a dynasty league that I'm in. And you can see my shittiest players are like Jaylen Pulk, Malik Washington, Bam Knight, and those type of guys. Now, it's important to remember that if your league has 25 bench spots versus 15, then this list will vary. Um, but assuming most of your dynasty leagues are like 28 bench total

roster spots to 35 total roster spots, that would be like a start eight plus 20 bench spots and a couple of taxi squads. Then um you're going to be looking at a lot of players in the territory that I'm going to show you in a second. Also too, the other thing that you can do to determine your cut candidates are take how many people in your league. So I'm in a 12man league for example, and there's a start eight bench spot and four taxis. That's 30 total roster spots. Everybody's going to roster at least 30 players. That would be 360 total players rostered. You could go down to that territory and and make sure to check off on the site to include picks because you're going to be factoring in rookie picks and whatnot as well. Um and you could go down to about that territory. 30* 12 is 360. And you could see kind of the fringe rosterable guys in this area um that you could probably drop. And you think of okay, Will Levis probably droppable. Probably not going to start games. Noah Brown

probably never going to be fantasy relevant again. Malachi Corley is on the second team. Never going to be fantasy relevant again. Pretty much anybody in this territory is droppable. So, I'm not going to waste your time going through why a guy is droppable or isn't droppable because these guys are all droppable. They're all not very good, which is why they're ranked in this territory of our expert rankings. So, again, make sure to turn on rookie picks, go to overall, use our expert average, or if you'd prefer to use my specific rankings, you can use that if you're a site subscriber, but this is totally free to use on flockfantasy.com. If you want to sign up for a 7-day free trial, you can always cancel afterwards if you don't feel like the tools are valuable to you. But the portfolio manager is free with expert rankings and the rankings are free um with just expert rankings. But again, if you want my specific opinion, you would need to be a paid subscriber there. But again,

just go to the bubble of your league size. If you're in a much shallower league, let's say it's only a 25 roster spot league and it's a 10-man league, well then you'd be going into the 230s, 240s, and 250s and seeing the players ranked there, including rookie picks, and those are your cut candidates. So maybe you're in a shallower league, a guy like Trey Tucker, Bashard Smith, Jaden Blue, Elijah Aoyo, Jaylen Pulk, those types of guys are your cut candidates. And then if you're in a super deep league, maybe it's a 14 team, 35 roster spot league, then you're going to be going closer to the 400s and cutting, you know, Greg Dorsch, Brevin Jordan, Jeremy McNichols, Michael Carter, Zack Moss, those types of guys. So again, it I it's impossible for me to give you guys a good answer of who's a cut candidate because I don't know the size of your league. But if you want to leave it down below in the comments, I'll do my best to answer those types of

questions. So again, if you guys enjoyed this video, leave a like down below. These are players that I am giving up on, whether it's in a trade, which was the majority of this video, 17 players I'm willing to sell off or whatever I can get for them. And I gave kind of their current market value across the board, and then also guys that you can cut bait with and use the tools on the site to determine which guys you can cut bait with safely in your specific league. So flockfantasy.com, promo code FSE to get started. Again, you can start a 7-day free trial. Use the trade calculator, the my teams, and the my portfolio tool, and the expert rankings all for free on your 7-day free trial without having to pay for anything. And then if you determine that you actually get some value from the site, of course, you can sign up for a annual a monthly subscription, annual subscriptions with promo code FSE. Annual motherfers get a free team review. You get access to me and Danny's Dynasty Rankings, including

in using all the tools that I talked about. you get access to the prospect model which will undergo a major update once the NFL draft hits here and also version four of our Dynasty rookie draft guide and video draft guide. We have 50 plus profiles, 50 plus players and I will actually quickly show you what I'm talking about right now. If you go to the Dynasty Wall Street Journal version 4, you can see video draft guide access right here. So you go to the showcase, there's 50 plus player film breakdowns, 1,000 plus hours of footage of film breakdowns you guys have never seen. 25 of those prospects Danny and I did together. The other 25 we split up and divide and conquered the the lower-end guys. And of course, you can uh look at our PDF version of our draft guide with our top 50 rookie rankings in it with uh you can skip ahead to like the wide receiver profiles. You can see Mai Lemon, Carnell Tate, Jordan Tyson, and so on. That is the Dynasty Wall Street Journal version 4. And again, it is

available on flockfantasy.com. So, with that being said, peace out. I'll talk to you soon. Beat me. You beat me.
