It's the post combine edition running backs to target and avoid breaking down everything we saw from the 2026 running back class for dynasty rookie draft purposes on Saturday when they worked out at the NFL combine. We had a lot of guys who didn't test. We had a lot of guys who did test. Let's break it all down. What we're going to do is we're going to start with the guys who didn't test. I'll tell you when they expect to test for their pro days and whatnot. and then we'll go through some winners, some losers, changes to their grades as far as the FSE prospect model and all of that good stuff. So, let's get it kicked off with the guys who did not test. And there was a couple of them. I don't understand why, especially in a class like this where the running back position is one of the weaker positions in the entire draft period. Why not go out there and show what you can do in front of the entire league? My current RB2 in my rankings, Jonah Coleman from

Washington, did not do a single thing at the NFL combine. He will have his proday March 16th. Current RB four and five in my rankings. Penn State running backs Kron Allen and Nicholas Singleton. Both weren't able to participate. Katron Allen did some field drills. March 18th is his proday. He will probably do everything there. Singleton broke his foot at the Senior Bowl. He won't be 100% probably by the time his pro day comes up. He did mention something in the interviews about doing like a private workout in April closer to the draft. So, keep an eye on that. His his injury timeline is about 12 weeks. So, just before the draft, I remember Shawn Tucker did that a couple years ago. I could see him putting up some numbers there. Uh Texas A&M running back Le'Veon Moss did not work out, which was a little concerning for me because my issue with him is medicals and I'm sure a lot of teams uh issues are medicals as well. I wish he would have been healthy enough to test. I'm not sure if that's

why he didn't test or why he did test or not. Um he if he's still not healthy post ACL 18 months later, plus he had a nagging ankle injury in 2025. I hope he tests at his proday which is expected to be late March. Both him and Casey Conpsion both did not test from Texas A&M. Uh Pittsburgh's Desmond Reed, really small running back, but he did come in above 175 pounds, which is uh you know, not a high bar, but he was expected to be really small. March 26th is his proday. Virginia's Jamari Taylor, TBD for his proday, but late March is when he should probably do some testing. Indiana backs Roman Hemi and Keelin Black. April 1st is their proday. Keelin Black actually wasn't even invited to the combine, which is surprising. Uh Terry and Stewart, uh Virginia Tech also not invited to the combine. Rashul Fan, um South Carolina should test at their proday. And then Noah Whittington from Oregon should test at his proday as well. And then the other guy, Jaden, was not invited to the combine. March 12th

is when Oklahoma's proday is there. So we should get some testing numbers for for him. But again, this is not a very good running back class, so we do want to get some data on these guys. Ideally, by the end of March, we should have a lot more information. But let's start it off with the winners. The biggest winner being the best running back in the class, Jeremiah Love. His grade rose about 1% which now means that even if he doesn't go inside the top 10, he will still be a generational caliber running back. So Jeremiah Love, the fact that he comes in at 6' 212 lbs, little bit lighter than listed. Ideally, he would have been like 215 or something like that. Either way, he runs a blazing 436 at the NFL scouting combine. clocking times comparable to Jir Gibbs both from a 40 time perspective and overall miles per hour. When you look at his comps, because we don't get have a a full complete prospect uh RA card for him, courtesy of Mathbomb because he didn't do the jumps, he didn't do the

agilityities or anything like that, but his comps range from like Bree Hall probably on the low end in terms of his uh relative athletic score and then on the high end you're looking at like Edgeran James, the the Hall of Fame running back of the Indianapolis Colts. So, he didn't do any other testing. We probably will see him hopefully do that stuff at his proday, but on March 24th when Notre Dame has their proday, we'll see if he actually does that stuff. I don't think he should have to. He's probably going to go in the top five to 10 picks. Now, the closest comps, like I said, that he has are those top 10, you know, generational caliber dudes. We have Saquon Barkley, Bejian Robinson, and Christian McAffrey. Those are the only generational prospects in the model in addition to Jeremiah Love. And like I said, the only way in which he's not generational is he'd have to fall pretty much outside of the top 20 picks or something like that, which is just probably not going to happen. Or for

some reason, maybe he would uh lower his, you know, BMI or something. Uh weighing in at his proday yet again. But either way, we're looking at a very ironclad top prospect in the draft. And absolutely the 101 under no circumstances should you take Fernando Mendoza ahead of him, should you take any of the wide receivers ahead of him. He is the 101 of this class. The biggest winner outside of Jeremiah Love of the NFL scouting combine, maybe among all position groups, but definitely at the running back position, was Mike Washington from the University of Arkansas. His grade is up 2.5%. Currently, he holds the record for the most athletic running back in the history of the NFL scouting by now. Asterisk, he didn't do the agility drills. So, if he does the agility drills and posts really good numbers, we're looking at an absolute freak show here. I have not graded Mike Washington's tape. He is literally the next player up on my list and I'm kind of pissed I didn't get to him before the

combine because I would have liked to know uh what his tape looked like before he actually tested like this. Here's the fun part about Washington's profile because he is a little bit of a late bloomer. There's definitely some issues with his profile. He played at the University of Buffalo for three years in the MAC conference. Transfers to New Mexico State. Has a decent year there, but didn't really have a great breakout season until this year. This season, he logs a career-high 195 touches, 36 of those being targets, rushes for 1,066 yards, 6.4 yards per carry, and an 84.3 PFF rushing grade. Now, those are solid numbers, but again, keep in mind, he was a red shirt senior. You probably wanted to have a better profile than that. We should be perfectly clear here. His profile is a flex play caliber prospect. Obviously, we had Jeremiah Love, the generational back. We have Jonah Coleman, who is in the running back one upside tier, and you guys should be able to see the hit rates on the on the

screen here. You have uh Singleton Price and Katron Allen who are all in the RB2 upside caliber tier. Those guys better hit rates than what we're looking at in the flex play. When you have a flex play caliber prospect, which what Mike Washington is, you have inherently a 16% chance that he will ever become an RB1 in fantasy. You have a 35% chance that he becomes very fantasy relevant at all. So like RB3 uh 30 or better in fantasy. So, we're not talking about a guy who is a locked and loaded stud first round caliber rookie pick just because he tested well. Good for Mike Washington. He now makes the early to mid to late second round more appealing for those of us who are looking for the running back position in our rookie drafts, but he didn't do the agility drills, so his score will likely come down if he does do them. And as Danny has relayed to me, because he actually has studied Mike Washington's tape, it's not shocking he didn't do the agility drills because he

is a little bit more of a linear athlete. And of course, we're looking at a guy who's more in line of like Isaac Gerendo or Marshon Lloyd. Guys who were very athletic coming out of college, but didn't necessarily have the production profiles we're looking for. So again, Marshon Lloyd, Isaac Garendo. That's how we should be thinking of Mike Washington. On the very high end, if he gets better draft capital, maybe we're looking at like a Dante Foreman. If you guys remember him about eight or nine years ago, he was a pretty good prospect coming out of uh Texas uh of Austin there. But Mike Washington definitely a big-time winner. Don't go crazy. Don't put him in the first round of rookie drafts. He's definitely not there. He is probably in the range of like where Kron Allen is going, where Singleton is going now, where in the early to mid-second round, depending on uh draft capital and landing spot, we might get a decent prospect here. So, good for Mike Washington definitely makes this running

back class a little bit better, seeing as he tested that well. Deont Claybourne from Wake Forest. His draft capital projection actually dropped a little bit from round four to round five from the first time that I did this video, but his grade will be up about 1% if he goes round four, which is what he was projected to go before. And if you guys do want more information on the prospect model and the hit rates and all that stuff, I'll link the first video down below. I'm just not going over that. It's mainly just combine stuff that I'm talking about here. Deont Clayborn an 8.48 R score. Very solid testing. He comes in at 5'10", 188, which is undersized for sure, but his profile was always going to be as a receiving back, as a guy who can be a change of pace dude. And at 437 speed with decent size, 190ish pounds at 5'10 is not bad for a guy of that uh profile. And his broad jump was in the 82nd percentile. I think he's an exciting guy who I'm intrigued

to watch because I've already watched and graded 20 wide receivers in this class, but I've only done five running backs. And the reason I did that was on purpose because I knew the wide receiver class was way better and I wanted to see what the combine would do to really shape up what we think of the running back class first because it is not a very good class. Claybourne was a former four-star recruit, a top 10 running back in his respective recruiting class in 2022. He goes to Wake Forest. He actually turns down quite a bit of NIL money early on in his career and especially after his 2024 season. Stays there all four years declining some bags. 154 rushing yards his junior season. 99 rushing yards his senior season. Added nearly 70 total targets over the last two years as well. Definitely an efficient receiving threat. And now with 4-3 speed, we're looking at a guy comps are semi intriguing. Justice Hill, Naimm Hines, Jaden Blue. These are guys that are fantasy relevant. What I call him Bucky

Irving who actually does kind of come up as potentially one of his comps here. I would say that's very unlikely. We're talking again flexplay caliber guy. We're talking about a 15% chance he turns into Bucky Irving. But there is a tiny chance he turns into Bucky Irving. So he is worth a shot in my opinion. Let's say round three to four of rookie drafts where he ends up going. Depending on a good landing spot, maybe goes to like the Vikings who could cut Aaron Jones. That would be a good spot for Deon Claybourne. Let's talk about Eli Hyenrich who is a wide receiver, running back, fullback kind of positionless player from Navy, obviously um a guy who is in an offense that runs the ball a ton. Um Navy running back is what he is being called because he did work out as a running back at the NFL combine. Eli Heinrich runs a 444 at 6 foot 198 pounds. Pretty good jump drills as well. The reason he's a winner is I feel like I now know that the NFL thinks of him as a running back because before I didn't

really scout him. I didn't want to watch his film until I knew what the NFL thought thought of him. I didn't know if he was a receiver or a running back. He did work out with the running backs at the combine. He did because he's a receiver, too. Have a great receiving profile coming out of Navy. 51 catches out of a total 106 catches the whole Navy offense had. He had 51 of those 106. So nearly a thousand receiving yards. He was their best receiver. He led all players with a 94.5 receiving grade. All players in the country, not just in this class or in the running back group. No, all players. All wide receivers, tight ends, and running backs. He led them all in PFF receiving grade in the entire country. So this is a dude who I'm excited to watch now because I know what he is. He's a versatile player. The question will be how high does he go in the NFL draft? Is he a fourth round pick? That's something to get excited about. Is he a seventh round pick? Not so much. He could be,

you know, Lynn Bowden. He could be uh, you know, some of those type of guys. Or maybe he's Antonio Gibson or somebody who's actually fantasy relevant. Maybe he's just Chase Edmonds or Rashad White where he just ends up carving out a receiving back job in the NFL. He can block. He's somewhat limited on early downs based on the profile, but the receiving numbers are exceptional. and a guy like Darington Evans, Justice Hill, that's kind of what pops for him in the prospect model. Moving in to another winner that we have here, Seth McGoen or McGawan from uh Kentucky, 9.63 RAF score, really solid testing at 6' uh 6' flat, 223 lbs, exceptional jumps, uh elite explosion grade burst score and all that kind of stuff. 42 and 1/2 in vert, 4.49 uh 40 yard dash as well. The problem for McGoan is he got into some serious legal trouble early on in his college career in 2020. That's how long he's been in college football. In 2020, he he was at Oklahoma. And the important

thing for him is going to be how he interviewed because he spent three months in jail and was on probation for a year after pleading guilty to felony larseny. So, this is a guy who was literally charged with something. NFL draft scouts seem to like his film, but he is 25 years old his rookie season and he has a lot of off the- field concerns. So, I would be worried that he goes undrafted. I think it's very possible he does. He started his college career all the way all the way back in 2020. Didn't play again in the FCS until 2024 after that. So, he's way older than most of his onfield competition. Off the- fieldwise, I think the dude could go undrafted. Like I said, I think like a Damen Martinez or a Ray Davis is like a decent comp because Ray Davis was really old coming out. Damen Martinez had some off the- field concerns. He ended up going in the late seventh round even though he probably should have gone in the third or the fourth round. So, uh, Seth McGoan definitely a winner from

like an athleticism standpoint, but I am very concerned where he actually goes in the NFL draft. Adam Randall, running back from Clemson, does not have off the- field concerns and is big and is athletic. 454 dash at 6'3. So, a little tall for a running back, 232 lbs, 37 inch vert, 104 in the broad, very solid numbers. He had a very good combine all told. Um, he is 21.8 years old on draft night, so he is still pretty young. The thing with Randall, very similar to Heinrich, is that he was a receiver for three years of his college career. So, this season is really the only time he's ever played running back, rushed 168 times for 809 yards, 10 touchdowns, 4.8 yards per carry, and he added 49 targets through the air because, of course, he's a good receiver as a guy who played receiver his first three years in college. I kind of like him. Uh 450 speed, 232 lb size, has a chance to be a receiving back. Very similar to what I said about Hinrich. Maybe he's a Rashad White or he's an Antonio Gibson or just

a true receiving specialist. Maybe he's one of these like Patriots running back James White types or something. Worth a swing in round three to four depending on the draft capital and landing spot. Definitely more of like a raw prospect because he's only been playing the position for like one season and his comps aren't good. I mean, he's a waiverwire caliber prospect, but a lot of that is being dragged down because he has no early career production because he didn't play running back for the first three years of his career. So, he has the receiving skills, he has some traits, he's expected to go like late day three. We'll see if that changes things based on what he did at the NFL scouting combine, but Adam Randall, a name to keep an eye on for fourth round of rookie drafts, taxi squads, depending on what happens. Let's get into the losers and uh the biggest losers unfortunately were some of the best running backs in this class or at least some of the top rated by most fantasy

players running backs in this class. EMTT Johnson from the University of Nebraska had a pretty poor day all around. Now, one box he did check was I was curious what he weighed. He came in at 202. He was listed at 200. So, that's actually a box checked and he was actually a little shorter, which is better for his BMI. He came in at 5 foot10 and some change. He was listed 5'11. So, he checked one box. However, he ran 456. And I thought he was going to run like 45 flat, 452 or something. So, he did run a little slower than I expected. He did everything. So, we know exactly what kind of athlete he is. He had a pretty brutal showing at the combine from an explosiveness standpoint. um having a 59th percentile um burst score, so his jumps, his uh vertical and his broad, and then a putrid putrid 28th percentile agility score. When you're an undersized back who was quote unquote an elusive elusive back in college, when you watch his tape, you get the sense that he's trying to make people miss a lot. The fact that

his agilityities were this bad is really concerning. Emtt Johnson was not our cup of tea. If you guys have our draft guide, which of course you can get down below in the pin comment, the lack of vision, the patience, the lack of tempoing his runs, his running style is not conducive to somebody who's going to command 250 plus carries in the NFL. His running style is very similar to those guys like Chase Edmonds who never become early down ball carriers. They're guys who are receiving backs only, and he was a receiving back only until Dante Dao left to go to Kentucky after his junior season. So, his yards after contact per attempt, he made a comment at the podium like, "Oh, look at my yards after contact." It's like you had some of the most carries in the NF in the NCAA. Of course, your yards after contact raw numbers were good. His yards after contact per attempt for his career is like the fourth lowest in this class out of like 30 plus running backs that I have in the database. So, he is small.

He's not excellent at breaking contact. He seems elusive, but isn't. He's not that fast. He doesn't have great ball carrier instincts. What he does have is a receiving skill set. So we could turn into a Taj Spears, a Kenneth Gainwell, Chase Edmonds. Like you can see some of the comps here, Michael Carter. I think those are all within the range of outcomes for him. But the fact that this is a bad running back class and he was being propped up for that reason as like potentially a third, fourth, fifth best running back in the class. I just don't think he's there. I think he's probably more RB five, six, seven, eight, or nine in this class. And in last year's class, we're talking like RB 11 through 15 based on his model grade. And that's with him still being projected to go in the top 75. which I think could probably slide down. I kind of expect him to go in like the fourth round now, which in my opinion is probably where he should have been going the entire time. Carter,

Spears, Gainwell, these guys all had better tape. I scouted all of them than EMTT Johnson. And all of them were receiving specialists mainly in the NFL. So, that's kind of what I think of EMTT Johnson. Unfortunately for him, if he had come out and run like a 442 or something, blown up the combine, I would have probably changed my tune a little bit. But unfortunately, he confirmed what I saw on film, which is that he's not an explosive, dynamic athlete. and he also has some work to do as a runner. So, big-time loser in my opinion, from the NFL scouting combine. EMTT Johnson from Nebraska. Jadarian Price or Jadarian Price, I think is how it's actually pronounced from Notre Dame. The other running back at Notre Dame, Jeremiah Love, of course, being the best running back in this class. Most scouts believe that Jadarian Price is the second best running back in this class from the tape I've seen of the five running backs I've watched so far. Jadarian Price definitely had the second

best film of all of them, but he was in a a split back field. not a huge uh you know receiving profile because he was on the same field as Jeremiah Love who's a better receiving back than he is. The problem for Jadarian Price was that I needed to see him come in big and he didn't. 203 lbs. He was listed 210 and apparently he's only a pound heavier than Emtt Johnson. I think he still has some frame to add some weight if he needs to. I think he could be 210 at the NFL level, but uh a little concerning that he comes in at 203. And the 449 is good, but I thought he was going to run faster than that, man. I thought he was going to run like 44 flat, 442, maybe even sneak into the 4-3s. On tape, you don't really see a huge difference when Jadarian Price has the ball, Jadarian Price has the ball, and Jeremiah Love has the ball. From like a speed and explosiveness standpoint, they both look equally as explosive as each other. So, the fact that Jadarian Price ran, you know, over a tenth of a second slower

than Jeremiah Love is a little shocking to me. Hopefully NFL teams still view him as a top two to three round draft pick because if he goes in round two or round three, he's going to be a first round rookie pick because of how bad this running back class is. I did lower my grade for him on his size and his athleticism because he came in smaller and tested a little bit worse than I thought he was going to. His jumps are fine, nothing special. I like the broad, but his vertical 35 is nothing special there. He's still RB3 for me behind Jonah Coleman. Um, I do think that he's now probably in a tier though with Katron Allen, with Nicholas Singleton, with Mike Washington now after his testing. I think that Jonah Coleman is very clearly the RB2 in this class. Even though Jadarian Price, Jadarian Price, I can't say his name properly. Um, did have slightly better film than Jonah Coleman. It's Coleman's profile so much more complete and he has the receiving skill set um that Price doesn't really

have. And and Price, for what it's worth, looked good in the workouts. I thought he looked good running the drills and whatnot. And a lot of, you know, the broadcast was talking about that as well. But at the same time, how much does it translate to run drills at the combine versus actually being a receiver in college, actually having the production in college? Again, he had a very good excuse. Jeremiah loves an absolute stud, but Jadarian Price definitely a loser of the combine so far. Um, his profile is very similar to like James Cook, RJ Harvey, By Shell Tutin, and actually my favorite comp for him here is Ronald Jones. Uh, especially given the size now is pretty identical. his tape uh at USC, Ronald Jones was really good. People forget this about Rojo, but he actually was a pretty solid prospect. The Bucks took him in the top 50, top 40 picks and um he developed added some weight at the next level and actually finished as a top 24 running back his final his second season before

the Bucks ended up getting Leonard Fornette. Rojo is a good player, man. He still has the longest franchise run in uh Buccaneers history. Ran for a 98 yard touchdown against the Panthers. So Jarian Price turning into Rojo, I think is about the expectation level that I have for him. Um, so more of like a guy who's going to be an RB2 at best if he gets a good landing spot. Other notables, uh, Jam Miller from Alabama had a nice testing day. Looked decent in the drills. Not a very good profile, but looked okay. Maybe he'll get better draft capital than we're thinking. And, uh, Robert Henry Jr. from UTSA. I thought he could have made himself some money if he tested well. Didn't end up running very fast. Did end up jumping really well, but he's a little undized. Had some decent production at a small school. If he had blown up the combine, he would be more interesting. But generally speaking, this running back class is not overly interesting. Like I said, we still are awaiting testing for

a lot of guys. Jonah Coleman from Washington. Penn State running backs Kron Allen and Nicholas Singleton, assuming Singleton does anything if he's healthy enough to do it. Le'Veon Moss from Texas A&M is the one that I was really excited to watch at the combine. And I'm hoping that he just decides to do the testing at Texas A&M's proday. And it wasn't because he was physically unable to participate at the NFL combine. Desmond Reed we'll see for Pittsburgh. Jamari Taylor is an interesting name for Virginia. Roman Hemi and Keelin Black from Indiana. Like I said, Tyrion Stewart from Virginia Tech. Rashul Fissson not really interesting, but South Carolina. Oregon, Noah Whittington, not very interesting. And like I said, Jay Kn was not invited to the combine, nor was Keelen Black from Indiana. So we'll see Jay Kn on March 12th. He'll have the first uh proday of any of these running backs. Um hopefully he ends up testing pretty well because he has an interesting profile

from his first two years at Cal. We'll see what ends up happening there. That is the running back class. running backs to target and avoid the biggest winners, the biggest losers from the NFL scouting combine. It's not a good class, guys. It's not a very good class. You could see it on the screen right now. When you look at it, it's it's pretty underwhelming across the board. You wish this class had one or two more Jonah Coleman's in it. You wish this class had another Jeremiah Love in it. It's nowhere near last year's class as far as what the the running back landscape looks like. We got one generational prospect, one RB1 upside, three RB2 upsides for now. Maybe we get one more, one less than uh what we have here based on draft capital of EMTT Johnson and Mike Washington and those guys and then a bunch of flex play caliber prospects. This class is very very similar very similar to 2024s which is not a good sign. The the nice thing is that Jonathan Brooks if he was a lot better

would be Jeremiah Love's profile. So like Brooks was RB1 in that class but Jeremiah Love is a much better RB1 than Brooks was. And also too, Jonah Coleman's profile is better than Trey Benson's who was my RB2 in the class. So those two guys being at the top kind of made that class seem worse than it is. This class is like 2024's class except with better RB1 and RB2 caliber guys. And then the same level of like depth play flex guys. You like we've seen Tyrone Tracy be productive. We've seen Bucky Irving be productive of course from this class, but generally speaking, it was an underwhelming running back class then and it's an underwhelming running back class now. Um, we'll see if Brooks or Benson can turn their careers around at the top here. Um, but yeah, that is the end of the video. Hopefully you guys enjoyed. Leave a like down below. Subscribe to the channel if you're new around here. If you want to tinker with all of the prospects in the 2026 class, the tight ends should be

being uploaded pretty soon, post combine updates. The wide receivers I just sent to the devs this morning. Hopefully, those get updated soon over on the site as well. Running backs, as soon as I'm done here, I'm going to send those to the devs as well. You can tinker with everything. How many prospects like Mike Washington for example were 220 plus pounds had a weight adjusted speed score above 120. You can see stuff like that in the prospect model. I tweeted out earlier today weight adjusted speed scores of 115 plus who got drafted in the first two rounds. It's a list of like Joe Mixon, uh Bree Hall, Derk Henry, all those big names. And that's the company that Jeremiah Love is in as well. So definitely check that out if you guys are interested. The Dynasty Rookie Draft Guide is undergoing some big updates. We're going to update all the player cards. We're going to update some of the combine video or the videos and add in the combine information at the end. So, guys who tested at the

combine, we'll throw in a little two-minute clip breaking down how they performed at the combine so that you guys have all that information in one video uh when you go watch those film breakdowns. So, check that out if you guys are interested. Flockfantasy.com, promo code FSE. Brand new stuff coming over there. We got a brand new update to the trade calculator. We have a brand new listener league startup coming March 8th. Uh Google form for that will be linked down below in the comment as well. Check out everything we're doing over there. And again, if you do sign up annually using the Mother Flocker package with promo code FSE, you get five ballots to join our new listener league and you also get a free Dynasty team review live on the channel. We do those weekly as well. So definitely check that out if you guys are interested. Peace out. I'll talk to you soon.
