It is now officially the week of the NFL draft. We are six days away from the 2026 NFL draft and today we're going to be talking about the fantasy position that unfortunately is not the strongest in this class, but for superflex leagues, you never know, man. You could get a meaningful hit out of this territory. We do of course have Fernando Mendoza at the top of the quarterback class knowing he's going to be the first pick in the draft. Ultimately, quarterbacks, it's all about draft capital. It's all about rushing ability. It's all about opportunity to start games. Uh Danny, why don't you get us kicked off with the guy who we both project to be about 104, 105, maybe upwards of like 103 in Superflex rookie drafts this coming uh May. >> Yeah, funny enough, he's going to be going later in your Superflex rookie draft than he's going to be going in the real NFL draft because Fernando Mendoza, this is no shock. He's going to be our quarterback one for a valid reason. Uh

when we both watched him, we kind of viewed him as, you know, a B+ A minus level first overall pick prospect. not really in the light of maybe like a Trevor Lawrence, Andrew Luck, Joe Burrow type, but also a quarterback that you're very grateful to have. Uh, and again, we're talking more so in the NFL lens. I'll talk about in the fantasy lens. His projection would be similar to, you know, 85% of Joe Burrow or 90% of Dak Prescott. A guy that can kind of contend in that middle quarterback one range, give you 30 plus passing touchdowns, 300 to 400 rushing yards, but he's never going to be the athletic threat, the 500 plus, 600 plus rushing yards that maybe a guy like Drake May, maybe a guy like Jaden Daniels, some of the more mobile quarterbacks can give you. But terms of a first overall pick, I think he's perfectly fine. And as you guys can see from my comp and grade there, I had a comp of Dak Prescott. I do think that the mobility, like I said, B-level, he's not going to be a complete zero in the

Russian game, but he's also not going to be a league winner in that capacity. >> Yeah, like the strengths, and I would say there's a lot of hidden underrated strengths with Fernando Mendoza. Like there's plays where you watch him, you know, outside the hashes, he can drive the football, leading receivers out of trouble, not putting his receivers into harm's way. He does little things. And that's why people compare him to like I've heard Matt Ryan as a comp that's been thrown out there. That's why people will compare him to the Jared Goffs of the world even on the the super high end like you said maybe somebody thinks he has like a Joe Burrow like ceiling. I do think that he's a tough and decisive runner when he does suck and run. Um and he could pick up like you said maybe 300 to 500 rushing yards and a couple of touchdowns. Best case scenario. Um the strengths are pretty well documented. He's got good accuracy, good ball placement. He's got intangibles off the

field traits out the wazoo. He's decisive. He's smart. He's an experienced starter. He played multiple years at Cal. Goes to Indiana, wins the national championship. Uh coaches are going to like that he's a winner and all that kind of stuff. Good pocket presence. He's like a sturdy 6'5, 230 plus pounds. He's got solid arm talent. I wouldn't say he's going to light the league on fire with his arm, but it is definitely, I would say, an above average arm for an NFL starting quarterback. The only real weaknesses I saw were >> took a little bit too many sacks when the pressure broke down. He did improve that a little bit more this season. Scramble drill-wise, his he needs to get his eyes up a little bit more, work downfield, and then at times his deep ball was sprayed a little bit, and uh out of structure plays are not his strength. He's going to be better in an offense that draws it up. How it is on the whiteboard is how you actually play through it. And of course, Clint Kubak

and the Las Vegas Raiders love will love that quality about him because Kubiaak is from that scheme, that Mc Shanahan tree where you do want a quarterback like that, like Perie is, like Jared Goff is, and those type of guys. >> Yeah. And uh obviously like I mentioned with Dak like I do think there is a little bit more ability than people kind of let on. Like I don't think he is a complete statue because we saw the compete level. For example, that play against Miami on the 10 yard line diving in across the goal line amidst traffic. Like if he is near a conversion, if he's a third and six situation, you can trust him to be able to get that tough yard, keep the chains moving. You can trust him to be able to get across that goal line and score that six points. Like with Fernando Mendoza, he's a tough son of a gun. And on top of that, you mentioned the weigh-in. That was a big factor for him cuz I knew that uh or I know that a lot of people brought up on Twitter where it's like, "Oh, he's got

kind of the lanky build. He's listed at like 65, 223. Like, we want to see him pack on at the next level, get close to 240." Well, the fact that he weighs above 235 pounds at that workout is a testament to the fact that he does have the frame to add that natural muscle. >> Yeah. And like underratedly, like that's like the frame that, you know, Herbert and Allen have legitimately like as far as like just pure like strength. we might see a a whippier, zippier arm from Mendoza after adding that strength, too, cuz like on his tape, he's probably about 220 lbs. So, when you watch him, you know, post-draft and into his rookie season, it's possible that he actually has a little bit more zip on the football and he has an arm that can compete with, let's say, for example, Cam Ward's arm last year or CJ Stroud's arm in 2023. I think he would be really interesting uh the conversation if he was in the 2023 class cuz I think he's almost exactly as good of a prospect as

Bryce and CJ were. >> I think I would take him first overall in that class even knowing like the caliber of prospects those guys are because I do say in terms of where the NFL is going, he's got the natural traits that you want compared to those guys in terms of the frame, in terms of you know the underrated mobility, more mobile I would say than CJ. Not as mobile maybe as Bryce, but at the same time Bryce is, you know, 5'11, 205 pounds. >> Yeah. And just for the sake of uh let's talk about him in relation to the veterans for one second. Um uh I'll give you a this or that. Fernando Mendoza or Jackson Dart. >> Uh I will go with Mendoza. That might be a hot take. Uh they're in the same tier for me. I know some people have Jackson Dart in their top 20. I'm a little bit more kind of wait and see if he does it again. Again, keep in mind the rushing last year was really, you know, propped up by the rushing touchdowns that he scored. I believe there was like a six

or seven game stretch of Jackson Dart scoring a rushing touchdown. I would rather see what it looks like because I do think as a prospect Fernando Mendoza was much better than Dart was. >> I I do think it's possible that continues rushing production-wise for Dart, but I I agree. I think long-term starting viability in the caliber of quarterback we're talking about, you probably take Mendoza. Um in a vacuum, Bo Knicks or Fernando Mendoza. >> Um I will take Mendoza there. Um >> Jordan Love or Fernando Mendoza. >> Fernando Mendoza by like I I have love lower than you do. >> Okay. So what about the guys that are just ahead of that territory? you taking Mendoza over Brock Perie or Trevor Lawrence or Jaylen Herz? >> So the where I have Mendoza ranked right now, if I look at my overall, he is my current 104. I have 104 listed as my 38th overall asset. And if we do it, sorry, sorry that was actually by one quarterback. If we go by Superflex 104, I have it sandwiched between Brock Party

and Jackson Dart. So I have Pury at 31, Dart at 35, and the asset that is Mendoza at 34 overall. >> Okay. Yeah. So I guess the only difference for me is that I would take Dart Nixon Love ahead of him, but he would be my current I guess quarterback 15 at the moment. And again, a guy that I feel very confident spending the 104 on. We could probably move on to uh what is the consensus 102 or quarterback too, sorry, in the class. There is going to be some discussion with Drew Aller in a second, but Ty Simpson we should probably talk about first because most NFL scouts would agree that he is the quarterback, too. I think that we're expecting draft capital wise for Tai Simpson anywhere between the early 20s I would say is the ceiling probably for his draft capital and then probably the uh midsec round would be like the floor for his capital. There's been a couple of teams that have been heavily linked to him according to you know the one particularly >> yeah one particularly being the Arizona

Cardinals. We've also seen the Los Angeles Rams linked to him at times. I think the Jets could be interested, probably not at 16, but maybe at their second round pick in the early uh pick there at 33 or whatever it is. And then maybe we would see the Pittsburgh Steelers if they traded back in the first round or maybe if they traded up in the second round or something. Those would be like the realistic landing spots. I don't think Cleveland's going to be in. I don't think that Miami would be in some of those types of teams. I do think it'll be Arizona, Los Angeles, New York, or Pittsburgh. >> Yeah, I agree. And uh with Simpson, very interesting. the reason why I think he's probably going to ultimately go to the Arizona Cardinals, whether it's at 34, whether it's, you know, a trade up. Uh we've mentioned, you know, the Cowboys being interested in trading up. If the Cardinals were the team that said, "Hey, listen, like we don't want to reach on

an offensive tackle at three. We'll trade down to number 12, pick up that insulation at 20, and then spend 12 on a tackle and 20 on Tai Simpson if they feel like they need to jump the Steelers." Like, I think that could make sense, but again, that's a lot more hypothetical. We're more so talking about the player Simpson is. It would make sense that why the Cardinals would value him considering the fact that you hire Mike Lafleur, the offensive direction you want to go. You know, you want to go more towards that Shanny system and Tai Simpson I do think would be a very good fit. I do ultimately think that my comp would be more so an Aiden Okonnell, but there are shades of Brock Pury here that would make a coach excited. So even though I wouldn't take him in the first round, I understand the buzz given the fact that he seems like a smart kid. Obviously was dealing with the injury down the stretch. kind of shows the toughness that he didn't miss games and on top of that he really

started the season strong which I feel like teams are going to value. >> Yeah, I think ultimately the Arizona Cardinals and the Los Angeles Rams are the two most likely teams to draft them. Both of which are pretty good landing spots because with the Rams, you know, you're for sure not getting on the field year one because of Matthew Stafford and how good he literally just won the MVP. The only way you're getting on the field as a rookie is if Stafford goes down. And then with Arizona, you at least have some buffer space where it is like a Jackson Dart or a Michael Pennock situation where maybe midway through his rookie season, he gets on the field, but Jacobe Brassette is more than capable of carrying the offense. With Simpson, the player, I think he's a good natural throw of the football. He has a nice deep ball. I think his ability to go, you know, one, two, three through his progressions is pretty solid. Mobility is also a strength. I actually think he's more of a mobile quarterback, a

rushing threat than even Fernando Mendoza is. And I also think that he's capable of throwing on the run. The issues that I had with Tai Simpson and why he's actually not even my quarterback, too, is that I do find this profile to be horrendously littered with red flags. You have a four, fiveyear player that only was a one-year starter, really only had eight, nine games where we feel comfortable of him being an NFL caliber starter. Injury history was an issue. One-year starters who go in the first round, you got long lists of like Anthony Richardson, Dwayne Haskins, Trey Lance, all these guys like Kyler Murray is really the only example of a one-year starter that's worked out in recent years. a freak athlete. >> Exactly. Yeah. And I I think that the the poor pro I'll call it a poor pocket presence because I think that under pressure his inaccuracies, his mechanics go out the window. He also is not the biggest guy in the world. So it's not like you're getting that prototypical

size that Fernando Mendoza has. And another thing that I was a little bit worried about too was that his arm is good. Don't get me wrong. He was a really high recruit though. And I think that the lack of anticipation at times that I saw from him worries me that he'd be the type of quarterback to go out his first NFL game and throw like three interceptions because he doesn't he's not with the NFL speed of when you got to get that football out. And that's maybe something you and I disagreed on. I just think that Simpson is the type of quarterback that is a a double if he hits and a a strikeout looking if you miss. I don't necessarily think we disagree, but I think we uh made it like I guess we we accounted for it differently in terms of the grading. I thought a lot of that all stem back to his ability to handle pressure because I do think when he was kept clean, like those mechanics looked good. He was able to throw with multiple pitches, that's another thing that I think with Simpson

that you don't typically see from a one-year starter is the fact that he wasn't just, you know, 95 mph fast balling it to his wide receivers. Like he did throw a touch. he was able to understand how to layer his balls over defenders. And um yeah, I I just think ultimately here with Simpson, you're not getting a one-speed thrower. You're getting a guy that can, you know, pick and choose what he needs to throw when he needs to because I mean, we talk about Anthony Richson, for example. Anthony Richson is the definition of a one-speed thrower. >> Here's why I'm very scared on Tai Simpson. I got two words for you. a quarterback that's very similar stylistically, has the good arm, has the throw on the run, has the zippy release and all that kind of stuff, but was horrendously bad at throwing with anticipation. >> Scarred, eh, you're scarred. >> I'm scarred from Zack Wilson, [laughter] man. I really think that he's a lot like him. And I worry that he's actually a

worse version of him as well. Obviously, this the production against better competition is better, but I do think that the same exact flaws Zach Wilson had, which is the again the inability to stay consistent over the long term. Wilson only had that one year at BYU that he was really good. Tai Simpson under pressure is exactly reminds me of Zach Wilson under pressure. And when you watch Zach Wilson's best throws at BYU, they were very much um the guy is open already and he's getting the ball there with the arm talent. He's not throwing guys open as much as what I would have wanted to see. And I don't see a lot of like, hey, um, Jeremy Bernard's got his foot in the ground. He's turning his back and this defender's outside hip or whatever. I don't see a lot of that the nuance that Fernando has, for example, on Simpson. >> Oh, I mean, like, Fernando Mendoza is a different caliber of prospect. Like you guys saw the grades like I have Mendoza 885, I have Simpson 755. So although I'm

pro Simpson, like there's a very clear tear graph here. I will give him a little more credit though cuz you said he doesn't throw with anticipation. I thought particularly across the middle of the field hitting those dig routes, understanding middle hooks, I felt like he actually understood it very well. It's just when pressure was in his face, it's almost like everything kind of deteriorated. But I will also credit that you said uh Zach Wilson at BYU, the one year that he had there. It is a little bit different in terms of the pressure when you're the starting quarterback at Alabama. You're playing in the SEC versus what you know Wilson was dealing with at BYU. Like there is a little bit more contextualized difference there. >> Yeah. But everyone pointed to the Coastal Carolina game for Zach Wilson when he was coming out and there's there's definitely games you can point to where Simpson the pressure was amped up. The O line didn't play game and

that's when he just like literally fell apart and was completely probably not a draftable quarterback, let alone a first round potential quarterback. So again, I just if if there was a three-year sample of him being sick and then this happened at the end of his college career, I wouldn't care as much. But this is all we have to go on. Well, I guess uh trying to explain why the NFL might view him in the first round because again, I'm more on board with you. I'm just kind of playing devil's advoc advocate here. Um the NFL can view it like, well, no [ __ ] He's a firstear quarterback. Of course, he'll, you know, struggle with pressure. The more reps he gets, the more reps he sees, uh the more NFL defense he sees, you're basically banking on him settling in. But then I'll also, you know, allude to you, if you can't handle pressure in college, it's going to get even higher in the NFL, man. You got six foot four, 250 pound edge rushers, edge rushers on

every team that run four or five. >> Not to mention like Kaden Proctor's one of your offensive linemen. Jam Miller is going to get drafted. Uh Jeremy Bernard and Ryan Coleman Williams are NFL receivers. It's not like you're out there with nothing to work with. Like you should probably have been better than you were in my opinion. So anyways, we can move off of Ty Simpson. Generally, I'm lower on the prospect, but I do, you know, I'm going to respect the draft capital if he goes in the early second round of the Cardinals where he has Marvin Harrison and Michael Wilson, Trey McBride, all these guys to throw to. I just um I don't have him QB2. And the reason for that, and I'll take a little bit of runway here, Drew Aller is my QB2. Now, the reason he's my QB2 is I think both of these two guys are very, very risky prospects. Drawer and Tai Simpson both. The meaningfulness of drawer hitting versus Tai Simpson hitting to me means that I get a guy that truly has one of the best arms in

the NFL. Has the size, has the mobility, has the durability as well. This year was the only uh year that he really dealt with injuries. I thought from an anticipation standpoint, particularly outside the numbers against man coverage, NFL caliber throws, Drew was actually better than Simpson in that regard because he was able to read um you know coverage of a of a corner on his best receiver. I also think that if you gave Jer all Ryan Coleman Williams and Jerby Bernard were not even having this conversation because his receivers other than Tyler Warren his junior year were absolutely horrendous. I also like the fact that he's been a multi-year starter has a lot of reps under his belt, a lot of experience under his belt. For a guy that's a multi-year starter to have the pocket presence that he had, to have the playmaker gene as well, um he gets labeled as this guy that doesn't show up in big games. And granted, his biggest mistakes came in, you know, two-minute drill, fourth

quarter type of situations, but generally, I mean, he had like an 80 something percentile big- time throw rate to turnover worthy play ratio. He did not take sacks. He did not turn the ball over. It just happened at bad inopportune times so everybody remembers when he actually did that. And then the last point I have to make on Drewer again is coming back to this. when you hit on a quarterback in superflex in the mid rounds like cuz you're going to spend second round rookie pick, third round rookie pick, fourth round rookie pick on this player depending on if he goes to the Rams, if he goes to the Cardinals, goes to the Steelers, goes to the Jets, an opportunity that he has to start. The meaningfulness of this hit is a guy with a truly great arm. One of the best five 10 arms I've seen in the last 5 10 years legitimately guy who was a super super high recruit and more importantly I think like Josh Allen and this is the only quality he has similar to Josh Allen. He should have ran more.

He was an excellent runner in college and a really good athlete. He didn't run enough in my opinion because he actually looked most comfortable in the games where he did tuck it and run when it wasn't there. Where he was able to go first read, second read, not there. I'm going to run it like that. That was his best tape in my opinion and that's going to translate for fancy. >> Yeah, there were a couple things I disagreed with. you kind of said it was circumstantial. Uh the moments that he struggled in when there was a pretty easy easily spottable pattern is that every time he faced a good team, it felt like everything, you know, collapsed on him, especially the games against Michigan, the games against Ohio State, you know, those big time teams in the Big 10 is really where you saw the warts happen for Drew Aller. And on top of that, the thing that I do really disagree with is the pocket presence point cuz I don't think you factored in like the pocket mechanics, the footwork,

the ability even when he's not facing pre pressure to point his feet, look at a target, like the the the intangible things that you want from a quarterback, especially with one with as much starting experience that you have with Drew Aller, I feel like is very underdeveloped. Now, you know, you could point to the fact that Penn State has a, you know, let's just say, um, reputation for underdeveloping their guys in this capacity. Like, we look at all these freak athletes that come out of Penn State and we basically say the same thing every time. Why are they so underdeveloped? Because they were a five-star recruit. They should be at a certain point in their development and you can clearly tell that the offense was doing them wrong in that regard. But I like Aller. I cannot get to 80.5 because I do think there are significant warts that I can't get over, but ultimately it was enough for me to get him at quarterback three. And I do think he's probably going to go somewhere

round three, round four of the NFL draft based off current mocks. And I do think he's a worthwhile swing for an NFL team. Ultimately here, I do think if it works out, you're looking at maybe a bigger armed version of Daniel Jones. you know, the Daniel Jones that can give you 500, 600 rushing yards, has the mobility, but also the Daniel Jones in terms of the con where you kind of see the pocket mechanics be a little off. Sometimes you'll see a throw and be like, "What the [ __ ] are you doing, Danny?" Sometimes you'll see him make a decision, be like, "Why are you even throwing that ball into triple coverage?" Like, there are some Daniel Joneses there, but at the same times with Daniel Jones, once he's gotten the opportunity to start, he's actually been a valid fantasy quarterback, a top 15 option. And if you gave him, you know, instead of a B arm, maybe an A arm, you could be looking at even a higher ceiling there. >> Yeah. Yeah. I don't disagree with

anything you just said. By the way, the the only thing that I graded differently, I suppose, is for me, the pocket presence is coachable. The footworks and mechanics are coachable to be better cuz they're not good right now, like you said. Um, he knows it. He talked to Stacy Dales at the combine about it. And also too, I think the internal clock is the thing that I I kind of factored in on the pocket presence. He knew when to get rid of the football, throw it out of bounds, try and make a hero type of throw. He, like I said, for a guy that has this skill set, I was really impressed actually that he didn't put the ball into harm's way more because he was coached that way. Clearly, like he didn't have that high of a big time throw rate. Because clearly Penn State told him, "Don't screw it up. Like we have two good running backs, we have a good defense, etc." And also of all the quarterbacks in this video for sure, um, watching the film breakdown on Derwaller on the

Dynasty Wall Street Journal would definitely help, I think, contextualize a couple things for some people because many college football fans probably think one thing about Drawler. And I think once you watch that film breakdown and you see the 2024 Ohio State tape, which is notoriously a game that people point to where he struggled, Yeah. >> there's plays on that tape where you go, what do you want him to do? He basically handed the football to this guy and he stepped out of bounds and didn't make the catch. He basically broke two tackles here and heaved this downfield and his receiver didn't catch the ball. Like there's plays where I go I'm like I think he did mostly everything he could have done on a lot of this stuff. >> Yeah. I mean just ultimately the fact that we wanted him to have that breakout performance. We wanted him to have, you know, that big game and a consequential moment. And it just never really materialized because the expectation when he was going to Penn State was this

guy could potentially be a future first overall pick. >> He would have been first round pick last year had he come out. Let's just be perfectly clear about that. 100%. His best season was 2024. And the other thing is like in a parallel universe, what if he doesn't get hurt this year? Like he started slow obviously, but then he got hurt. If he had finished strong, I think he also has the potential to be a first round pick. So I'm just I'm going to take the swing. I I get it's risky. I could totally flame out on this take. I'm gonna take the swing on all because I think the ceiling is truly a top five to 10 dynasty quarterback. >> Yeah, we'll ultimately see what ends up happening here in terms of potential team fits. I do think a team that maybe has a veteran quarterback, you can develop him for one year. I'm looking at a team like we had in the mock that we just did with the Bugler seven rounder, him going to the Jets in the fourth. I think that would make a ton of sense.

You have Gino there for a year. either you bottom out completely and you draft a quarterback next year or you say, "Hey, listen, like this seems semicompetitive. We give Drew Aller a look, kind of see what it looks like." Like to me, a team like that would make a ton of sense. >> Yeah. I'm just hoping the Capitals there to the point that they want to give him a real chance. Like let's get him in the second or the third round to the Rams, Cardinals, Steelers, or the Jets. I don't want him to go in round five because then he's just not going to have a legitimate chance probably to start for a team long term. They'll give him a couple of games of runway. Let's say the Jets have bottomed out. There's only five games left in the season. They give him a chance, but then they're probably going to draft a quarterback. So, to me, I want him to go to the Rams. I want him to sit and marinate behind Matthew Stafford. I want him to go to the Cardinals. I want him to sit and

marinate for a couple games behind Jacobe Brassette. Let's see what he can do for a legitimate like 8 to 10 game stretch of his rookie season. If he gets onto one of those teams with a starting chance right away, or straight up red shirt him behind Aaron Rogers or Matthew Stafford. Those are the two options that I really like for him. But again, we'll see what happens cuz he he easily could fold around six and be completely irrelevant. And even still, I'll take some swings at that point. But I I need I want day two capital for this quarterback because then I think he actually has a chance to get on the field. >> Yeah. No, I I think that would make sense. So, you have him as your two um and in this tier. The difference for me is I have Mendoza in his own tier, I have Simpson his own tier, and then I have um the next three quarterbacks with Aller, Payton, and Nusmeer all in a row in the B tier personally. >> Yeah. So again, when it comes to quarterbacks, all that really matters is

mobility, draft capital, and opportunity to start. So we can keep it brief with with Payton US, Clubnick, and Beck. Again, whoever gets drafted the highest, whoever gets the most buzz, whoever gets the chance, the landing spot that they can get on the field is probably going to end up being the best pick for dynasty purposes. But Cole Payton, similar to what we said kind of with Aller a little bit, is that he has the mobility, the playmaking ability, and the arm talent to actually be relevant for fantasy if he ends up getting opportunity to start. My comp for him, Sam Howell. Your comp for him, FCS, Jaylen Herz. Obviously, the level of competition is an issue. The footwork and mechanics are an issue. He's only a one-year starter, and he has some limitations, but um the good is like there's plays where he's ripping off 80 yard runs and stuff. So, like that's the exciting thing with Cole Payton. Again, keep in mind the plumbers he's playing against, but um he tested like an NFL

athlete, too. Like what do he run like a four, four, something like that? >> Four or five speed. He kind of outlined it, too. Very efficient numbers. Obviously, everybody is scarred from the North Dakota State year that Trey Lance had, but at the same time, man, like he's got some juice. He's not going to be a guy that you have to take in the top five of your rookie drafts. You want to throw a swing on Cole Payton because he goes fourth round to the New York Jets or he goes fourth round to the Pittsburgh Steelers or a team that maybe he's got an opportunity to red shirt one year and have a chance at a role next year. Like, that's probably the expectation for Cole Peyton. Again, I think Simpson's going to go higher. I think Mendoza is going higher. I think more than likely given the pedigree of Penn State, Drew Aller is going to go higher. But if he's a fourth round pick and it all it cost you is the 405 in your rookie drafts, the 309 in your rookie drafts, I think it's a worthwhile

swing because you mentioned upside with all I think Cole Payeyton has a ton of upside too, even though there's some big time mental learning curve you need to have here. >> Yeah. No, again, he's worth a swing. That's all these players in this tier are worth a swing if you like him. And I personally like Cole Payton the most out of this group. So that's why I think he's worth a swing. But again, it's ultimately going to come down to >> if he goes to the Chiefs in the sixth round, he's never going to see the field. But if he goes to the Steelers in the fourth round, it's like, okay, he's probably going to compete with Will Howard. Maybe he has a chance to prove himself. So on and so forth. >> The the toxic the toxic landing spot is Philly. >> Yeah, that that would be the toxic landing spot for sure. Uh Garrett Nusmire, a guy that I would say >> if I were to put a betting number on, probably overunder, QB two and a half, three and a half off the board. Like I

think it's possible he goes ahead of Jer and Cole Payeyton and everybody else we're talking about from the real NFL standpoint just because he has the decision making, the anticipation, the progressions, the the little things. He's also the son of the offensive coordinator of the Saints, which means, you know, teams probably get him on a whiteboard and he proves himself out well there. >> We actually differed with his analysis because I thought he was far more of a gunslinger and had a lot of issues in terms of his decision-m compared to you. >> Okay, so I guess we're completely all over the map on him. I [laughter] saw like kind of like a Jared Stammy type of player. >> Yeah, for me it's like if it like obviously ceiling wise I had Andy Dalton light as the comparison because I think ultimately you get to Andy Dalton like that would be not only a win but that would probably be like the best case scenario for Garrett Nmire. But you do see the gunslinging. You do see the

downfield passing as well. His downfield metrics in the last two years were very good in terms of the uh big- time throw versus turnover worthy play rate when I was doing his tape. Yeah, I think I you have some glimpses where it's like holy [ __ ] like Garrett Nusmire could potentially be, you know, a first round quarterback at the end, like kind of what we were talking about with Tai Simpson, but at the same time, he had the down year this year. He's been playing hurt all year. We'll see what the draft capital ends up being. Ultimately, he feels like the guy that is on the bridge between potentially being, you know, a low-end starting quarterback versus a high-end backup to me. Yeah, I think he could get a Davis Mills or a Desmond Ritter chance to start at some point during his career, but that's about the the the leeway that he would have like he's got to play well in that period of time if he does get an opportunity to start. But again, similar to every quarterback that

we're going to talk about here, it's all landing spot and draft capital dependent. If Darren Nusmeer goes with the 40th pick in the draft or something like that to the Jets, like he's going to get on the field his rookie season. They might legitimately give him a couple games to see what he can do. So again, all draft, the one thing I'll say about Nusmeire about other than the rest of the four that we've talked about, he's basically no rushing upside. So from a fantasy perspective, he's not going to be as enticing as Payton or all are. >> Is Kyle Tras still the Bucks uh backup quarterback? >> He was for a little bit. I I think that he's kind of just not on a roster now and then maybe they brought him back as like a third quarterback is um uh Jake Browning is our backup right now. >> Okay. So you guys must have signed Jake Browning this offseason if I'm >> free agency. Yeah, we signed him and then we had Bridgewwater last year

>> cuz I was going to say I'm like if you didn't have like a steady backup quarterback, him backing up Baker wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. >> No, I I I that's why I said his best fit is to be a backup quarterback. I think that him being like a Davis Mills type of career trajectory would be great for him because I think that Davis is one of the best five to 10 backups in the league. >> Yeah. No, I I can get on board with that as well. Um we have these next two here being Carson Beck and Cade Clubnick. both guys that you know had first round buzz at a certain point but unfortunately >> exactly why they're ranked here is because at one point they were considered to be top quarterbacks in this class like Kade Kade did 36 touchdowns six interceptions last year if he had come out for the draft he actually might have been QB2 or three off the board >> which is insane it just reminds me of um who Matt Bark you remember Matt Barkley

where it's like he had that big Heisman caliber year and people were like oh he's going to be the first first overall pick next year no worries that he didn't come out this year completely bombs in his last year and I think he goes on day three funny enough uh I believe the last game of 2016 um he ended up being the Cowboys when we rested our starters. >> Yeah. Yeah. And then like Kade 588 and seven touchdowns on the ground uh his junior season as well. I don't know what the [ __ ] happened at the university at Clemson University like what the hell was in the water there. But everybody had a down season. Everybody offense, defense, special teams, receivers, quarterbacks, everybody had a down season at Clemson this year. The only saving grace for K Clubnik is that he was once a five-star recruit coming out of high school just like Drew Aller was. They were in the same recruiting class and he did have one really great season at Clemson as a junior and maybe a team goes okay uh two to three years down the

road maybe we could see a scenario where we give him a look where he has an opportunity to play like how the Broncos feel about Jared Stumm for example where it's like we feel good enough that if we he had to play a playoff game he probably could. I think again Cade, let's see where he goes. If he goes to a team that actually has an opportunity to start again, compete with um Will Howard and Camp as the backup for the Steelers or something, he's interesting. He's not super interesting, but he's interesting. >> Yeah, no doubt. And then Carson Beck, same thing. I mean, at one point or another, Carson Beck was expected to be the first pick in the 2025 class, I believe, um before that year at Georgia where he basically was hurt the entire time with a shoulder injury. Um, people were really excited about his junior season at Georgia. 2023, 24 touchdowns, six interceptions, 90.8 PFF passing grade, 114.8 passer rating as well, 9.4 yards per attempt that season. We're

coming to learn that a lot of that was because he was throwing to Brock Bowers and Lad McConi and those type of guys. Um, because he basically bottomed out his his senior season and then at Miami he was good this year and 30 to touchdown interception ratio is nice, but >> there's a lot to be desired tools wise, I would say, too. He's got some bad medicals. I know he like the the shoulder injury that basically ended his Georgia tenure was really bad. And I do know the downfield passing this year in particular from people that I trust has been a big time weakness of his. So I do think like there could be legitimate like career altering information on that shoulder. >> Yeah, just a draft because of it. >> Yeah, just a 3.3% big-time throw rate. 7.6 AOT. I mean, obviously Malachi Tony was his best receiver who is more of a short to intermediate target, but yeah, it's Carson Beck. If he goes in the third or the fourth round of the draft, you probably feel a little better about

the ceiling there because that means a team thinks he can be more than what he was his final two years. They think that, you know, junior year Carson Beck is still in there somewhere. But generally, I I I'm not overly excited about this player. >> Yeah. By the way, the injury um was a torn UCL, which I'm pretty sure is just Is that not just Tommy John? >> I think so. Yeah, I think that's the Ben Ben Rothllessberger I think is the last quarterback I can remember that had that injury. >> One other one did, but obviously he got the treatment to be able to get better and he was he was already in like an elite thrower so it makes sense. But uh Josh Allen had the injury I believe two years ago. No. >> Yeah. Yeah. And was did Burrow have a similar injury at one point? >> It was a wrist that he had. >> Uh it was his wrist. Uh because I remember that happened against the Ravens on a Thursday night game. No. >> Yeah. Yeah. But again, Beck, if he gets

the capital, if gets the landing spot, worth a shot. Third, fourth round of rookie drafts. these guys. I mean, Diego Pavia is really small, but he does have some rushing upside. >> Taxi squad, like taxi squad only, probably. And then Tayen Green might be a receiver or tight end in the NFL, but he's an exceptionally athletic quarterback. I can't imagine anybody giving him a real shot to start for their team. But if he somehow fell ass backwards into a starting job, he would he would probably be fantasy relevant. And Jaylen Daniels, lots of experience, but not a whole lot of high-end production. Diego Pave is like if I lost 30 pounds and put on a helmet and went into the huddle. >> Yeah. Yeah. Again, these guys uninteresting [laughter] taxi squad players. Very, very deep. Dynasty leagues only. But again, this this B tier, would it shock would it shock you, Danny, if anybody from this B tier and we'll include all in that discussion, was a top 15 to 20 dynasty quarterback three years into their NFL

career. Let's say Aller, Pton, Nusmeire, Clubnick, and Beck. One of these guys turns into the next Kirk Cousins, Dak Prescott, Jaylen Herz, mid-round quarterback that comes out and actually starts for multiple years. Wouldn't shock me if we got one of them. >> Yeah, it wouldn't shock me either. Um, like obviously I think it would be more than likely to be one of the top three, but who knows? Maybe like nobody said anything honestly like Brock Perie versus Kade Clubick was kind of >> not that far off of a comparison. Lots of experience former high recruit >> boneheaded decisions like a lot of like cons that people pointed out to you without giving credit for the strengths like yeah it could be could be a case. >> Yeah. And Brock had one really high-end season. It just happened so early in his college career that nobody remembered it after his junior and senior years I believe were like the bad years and his sophomore year I think was the really good one or his freshman year was really

good. >> But Walter Football had him in the first round of his mock draft four years prior. >> He did. Yeah, he did have him. But uh and yeah, like when you do Madden created draft glasses or whatever like Brock Pery was like the first pick in the draft that year. >> Superstar X Factor 83 overall out of the draft like >> Yeah, Kate, same thing man. Kade and were both considered to be really really good prospects coming into the year. Everybody said, "Oh, they're going to be, you know, first round picks or whatever." And like I said, if they came out last year, they might have been >> maybe. And then I mean, these last two, Taylor Green, Jaylen Daniels, Jaylen Daniels, I feel like is 26 years old at this point. >> 24 and a half or something like that. I feel like he's been in college since I was living at my parents house. >> I'm also dumb and just realized it literally shows the age on the screen. So, I'm speculating that he's turning

26. He's [laughter] It literally says, >> "Yeah, I don't think that's not the age. That's or sorry, yeah, that 23 and a half there." Yeah. So, I was looking at the points per game. I'm like, "Is Diego Javia 29.5 years old?" But that's his point of your game, not his age. Um, >> Cooper, >> quarterback class, take your shots if you like him. Otherwise, take a running back, wide receiver, or probably a wide receiver tight end in the area that you're going to be taking these players given the strength of the class. But that is the end of the rankings. We did quarterbacks, we did running backs, we did wide receivers, we did tight ends. Go back and check out all those videos. We are getting into draft week, which means we're going to be talking some my guys, final mock drafts, etc. Uh, make sure you guys stick around for that. And also one last update to the Dynasty Wall Street Journal coming before the NFL draft. We'll finalize our grades, add in

a best of the rest video. So for those of you guys that are wondering, hey, where's Jaden and Jam Miller, the Indiana running backs, some of the other lower level names, they'll be in the best of the rest video, which will be dropping probably the day before the draft or the day of the draft, give or take, on the Wall Street Journal video edition. So check all that out. That'll be linked down below in the pin comment. But with that being said, peace out. We'll talk to you soon. You beat me.
