Fellas, the fantasy football season gets ready to kick off tomorrow, and I'm absolutely fired up to bring you guys some of the biggest stashes, the mustaches, as you guys can see here, for the fantasy football season starting in week one. It's your boy's 26th birthday today, so leave me some love in the comments down below, but let's get things going right away talking about some of the guys that you should be stashing if you have an IR spot. So, I would not roster these guys otherwise, but if you have an open IR spot, definitely check out Ricky Pearsall, Keaton Mitchell, and Kendre Miller. Ricky Pearsall, of course, he was shot recently, but he is back in the weight room. He is expected to play this year according to the 49ers brass. It's a crowded offense, but Ricky Pearsall was a first-round draft pick, and he would be a huge beneficiary or an immediate blow-your-fab type of option if anyone of Deebo Samuel, Brandon Aiyuk, George Kittle went down for significant time. So, Ricky Pearsall's

the perfect guy to throw at the end of your IR spot, see what happens. Worst-case scenario, you drop him once he's back. Keaton Mitchell, also a very good IR stash. All of the roster ship percentages should be on the screen for you guys. ACL tear last year, December 17th. Averaged 8.4 yards per carry on limited touches as a rookie, had 47 carries, 92.5 PFF rushing grade. He was kind of like pseudo Devon Achane, and he, coming off of this injury, has a pretty open backfield outside of Derrick Henry. And we know Derrick Henry's an older guy, could deal with some injuries down the stretch, and Keaton Mitchell's kind of like a great late season play for those of you guys looking for some upside. And then Kendre Miller, I mean, we know Dennis Allen hates this guy, but once he gets off of IR after the first four to six games of the season, he could have a role in this backfield. Alvin Kamara is older, Alvin Kamara could deal with some injuries given his advanced age and his advanced touches.

So, maybe Kendre Miller becomes a thing, but again, I wouldn't roster any of these three guys if you don't have an IR spot open in your league. Now, let's go through. What we're going to do here is we're going to go through all of the major positions, running backs, wide receivers, quarterbacks, and tight ends. I'm going to talk about these guys in order. So, the first guy I talk about for the top five running back stashes is the guy that I would pick up assuming multiple guys are available. I'll go through deep league stashes at running back, at wide receiver. And with the top five running back and wide receiver stashes, I'm going to be talking about guys that are sub 30% owned, and then the deep league stashes will be sub 10% owned for those of you guys that complain in the comments that none of these guys are available. So, let's start with the number one waiver add at running back. We have Khalil Herbert, 27% rostered right now, very solid back last year, averaged 4.6 yards per carry,

was a top 16 graded running back per PFF in 2023. Swift is fragile, Swift is kind of shaky in between the tackles, and Caleb Williams could really elevate this offense. So, to me, this reminds me a lot of the Miles Sanders versus Chuba Hubbard situation last year, except it's a way better team, a way higher ceiling to offense than what the Carolina Panthers represented in 2023. So, if you guys want a guy that could literally win the job outright without an injury, I do think that Khalil Herbert could absolutely do that. And of course, if Swift were to get injured, he is a great handcuff as well. So, I love adding him if he's available in your waiver wire. He is one of my favorite running back adds going into the year. Next, we get into Jaylen Wright, running back of the Miami Dolphins, 22% rostered right now. He's a dual handcuff, right? We know that Devon Achane and Raheem Mostert are probably going to be the lead backs in Miami to some degree, but both of those guys, Achane's undersized,

Raheem Mostert's older and and relatively injury-prone. I do think there's a possibility that Jaylen Wright has a role at some point during the season. So, this is probably not the type of back that you want to add and hope that in week one you'll know exactly what his role is. There's a good chance he doesn't have one early on in the season, but he was a top three graded running back for me coming out of the NFL draft this year, just behind Trey Benson, just behind Jonathan Brooks. He's a great athlete, a good receiver, he's physical, he's elusive. He's got all the tools to be a great running back. He kind of just was a little bit raw and didn't really know what he was doing. So, it actually would be really good for him for the first five, six games of the season to probably not be on the field very much, learn from the veteran running backs ahead of him, and maybe down the stretch he ends up being a really good option. So, if you're going to pick up Jaylen

Wright, remember that this is probably a late season play, a stash for most of the season type of play. But, if you have an open bench spot, I do believe he's a good option. Ray Davis, 14% rostered. We should know right away if Ray Davis is a factor in the Bills backfield. He's either just a handcuff to James Cook, or he's going to have a role in short yardage, on the goal line. Whatever case, he is a good stash nonetheless because he's a good, hard-nosed runner, was a really solid prospect as far as what he can do in between the tackles, good athlete, good size. They've been looking for a guy like this for years. Like, they brought in Latavius Murray, Leonard Fournette, a number of different dudes, Damien Harris, to try and replace a goal line back role, and they probably don't want Josh Allen to be their goal line back. So, if James Cook isn't able to take over that goal line role, I do think Ray Davis will be the primary beneficiary of that. Top five graded running back by PFF in

the preseason as well. He was pro-ready, he had a good production profile even though he was an older prospect. So, feel pretty good about Ray Davis, definitely a good stash for the end of your bench for some upside. Jordan Mason, 24% rostered right now, clear handcuff to Christian McCaffrey. Fourth-rounder Isaac Guerendo was hurt, and he is also really raw for most of camp. Elijah Mitchell is out for the year. So, if anything happens to Christian McCaffrey, I believe Jordan Mason has a chance to be a huge, huge league winner, 5.2 yards per carry last year, top 10 graded running back per PFF. So, if you're looking for a total lotto ticket, hold them on your bench for as long as you need to. Or, if you're a Christian McCaffrey manager and you want to roster your own handcuff, Jordan Mason is your guy. Number five running back pick up this week is Marshawn Lloyd, 20% rostered, top six running back in the 2024 class for me. AJ Dillon is out all season long. Josh Jacobs, little bit older, also has a lot

of touches under his belt. And Matt LaFleur has said he wants to run a running back by committee. Now, it may end up being that week one, week two, Marshawn Lloyd is still coming back from the hamstring injury. He did avoid IR to start the season, which is definitely great, but he's still not practicing. So, this could be a situation where week three, week four, he's the best waiver add out there. But, if you have an open bench spot and you wanted to stash Marshawn Lloyd now, then you wouldn't have to worry about blowing your fab on him week three, week four if he has a decent role once he's healthy. So, definitely a guy that is a good speculative add. See what you have for the first couple weeks of the season, then drop him worst-case scenario. Now, let's get into some guys at running back where if you guys are in deeper leagues, a lot of those guys are probably rostered already if you're in 14-man leagues, 16-man leagues, leagues with seven or eight bench spots, stuff like

that. So, let's talk about some of the deeper league names. And again, anybody that I talk about first is the first guy that I would add, and anybody I talk about last is the last guy I would add. So, Tyrone Tracy, running back of the New York Giants, 9% rostered right now, exciting dual-threat running back prospect. athleticism, he was a converted wide receiver, very similar to Antonio Gibson coming out of Memphis. Devin Singletary is whatever ahead of him on the depth chart. Devin Singletary's fine, but I don't think he's like a superstar, and he appears to be the the second running back in this backfield behind Devin Singletary. He had a ankle injury scare that had all of us concerned, but I do think in the lone preseason game Tyrone Tracy played, he looked very good. So, he has a chance to be really solid this year. Kamani Vidal of the Los Angeles Chargers is my second deep league name that you guys can roster. He had a pretty poor run-out to the start of the season. A lot of people

thought he could have won this job outright over Gus Edwards, JK Dobbins. I have been obviously staunchly on the side of JK Dobbins, but JK Dobbins has dealt with injury, Gus Edwards has dealt with injury, and none of these guys are really proven in this backfield. So, if you want to stash a guy, see what his role is early in the season. I think Kamani Vidal is a great guy to go after. Same goes for Will Shipley. I think best-case scenario, you're looking at he's the Kenneth Gainwell of this offense and also the handcuff to Saquon Barkley. So, you could pick him up if you guys are looking for some upside. Saquon's an older guy, he's dealt with injuries in the past. So, again, if you're looking for a guy to just stash at the end of your bench, see what happens. Will Shipley was a solid prospect, had a good receiving profile coming out of Clemson, and carried a big workload in college. So, if anything does happen to Saquon Barkley, I do think that Will Shipley would be the

primary beneficiary of that. But, there's a chance that he doesn't have much of a role if Saquon is healthy. So, if you're looking for a pure stash, handcuff, lotto ticket type of guy, I think Will Shipley's a decent option in deeper leagues. De'Ontay Foreman, also of the Cleveland Browns. Now, they cut him, and then they brought him back. I still think there's a chance that him and Jerome Ford are like 50/50 splitting until Nick Chubb gets back. He's one of these guys that you could pick up and know exactly what you have week one and drop him if he's nothing, or keep him if he's something. We've seen De'Ontay Foreman be a great waiver wire add in the last couple of years, with Carolina, with the Chicago Bears, with the Titans last year. He's had a couple very, very good weeks when he's gotten opportunity, and there's a chance he has opportunity early on in the season for the Cleveland Browns. So, keep that in mind. Dylan Laube, the final name here, very, very

deep name, pass-catching specialist from New Hampshire in the draft. Goes to Las Vegas Raiders. Alexander Mattison, Zamir White ahead of him on the depth chart. Neither of those guys are great pass-catchers. So, it's possible in an offense that doesn't have a whole lot of quarterback talent that they could look Gardner Minshew and Aidan O'Connell to check the ball down a lot. And if Dylan Laube is on the field in a lot of third-and-long situations because they don't really have a good run game, there's a chance that he has a good like James White, Tarik Cohen PPR appeal as a rookie. So, keep him in mind on the waiver wire speed dial, or pick him up if you guys are in really, really deep leagues. Now, let's get into the wide receiver stashes here. So, there's going to be a lot of guys here that I do think are good stashes for shallow leagues and deeper leagues alike. A lot of these guys I've talked about in the sleeper video, so I'll kind of save you the

arguments on them. Wide receiver one here, pick up number one at wide receiver is Jalen Polk of the New England Patriots. If he is available in your league, 28% rostered, definitely pick him up. He's probably not available in sharper leagues. But, Jalen Polk has a chance to be the number one receiver for the Patriots. I broke him down in the sleepers video. If you want the entire argument on why him and Drake May are such a good match, he works over the middle of the field. Drake May throws over the middle of the field very well. Jalen Polk was the 37th overall pick in the NFL draft. Very, very good pick up for a lot of teams that need wide receiver help. Same goes for Dontayvion Wicks. Again, he is currently the number four wide receiver on the depth chart for the Packers, so that is why he could be available in more shallow leagues, but Matt Harmon's reception perception, the advanced metrics, yards per route run, targets per route run, really like Dontayvion Wicks. And he has a chance to really carve out

a nice role for himself in an offense that doesn't have a clear alpha right now. So, Dontayvion Wicks, again, I talked about him in depth on the sleeper video as well. Josh Downs, uh wide receiver of the Indianapolis Colts, is injured right now, coming off of a high ankle sprain. He was out, you know, four weeks or so, I think he suffered that injury, and it looks like he's going to be on track to play starting in like week two, week three, maybe week four. He was not put on the pup list, so it is possible he's back before then. And I do think there's a chance, like they talked about Indianapolis Colts camp, that he was their best player. He was better than Michael Pittman, he was better than Adonai Mitchell, and I believe it because he was a really good prospect, had a solid rookie season, and him and Anthony Richardson seemed to have a pretty good connection according to a lot of the Colts beat reporters. So, if you guys want a stash for wide receiver heavy leagues especially, like

leagues that I play in that are two wide receiver, three flex, full PPR leagues, wide receivers are impossible to get on the waiver wire, and I think Josh Downs is one of the few guys that could end up cracking your lineup each and every week if he's a a solid player, which I believe he is. Number four is Xavier Legette, wide receiver of the Carolina Panthers. Not a good run out for him this offseason, got injured, missed a number of games uh in preseason, missed a number of time in training camp, and he was not the type of prospect that that could afford that. He was a raw prospect, needed a lot of development coming into Carolina. So, I expect him to start the season to be like the wide receiver three, wide receiver four on the depth chart, but he was a first round pick, they traded back into the first round to get him. He is a height, weight, speed freakish athlete, and it sounds like Dave Canales and the Carolina Panthers know how they want to use him early on, so there's a good

chance that Xavier Legette takes a week or two to get up to speed, and then finally is maybe the number one or the number two wide receiver as the season goes along. Again, Carolina is not a great offense, but I do think that Xavier Legette was a good enough prospect that he could elevate the play of Bryce Young in addition to all the um you know, Diontae Johnson and Dave Canales, the additions they've made on that offense. I do think that Xavier Legette is a very, very good stash for late season. And then finally, Jaylen McMillan is my final like major stash of the wide receiver position. He is actually sub 10% rostered, but he is such a good add right now because I think he'll be the number three receiver day one for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and I do think he has a chance to win out the number two job. And again, I talked about him in depth in the sleepers video as well, if you want to check that out. So, some deeper wide receiver names as I talked about here, sub 10% ownership for those of you guys

that complain that we never talk about deeper names, Troy Franklin, Malik Washington, Jermaine Burton {slash} Andrei Iosivas, Jacob Cowing and Malachi Corley. So, with Troy Franklin, he was a very, very good prospect, second round, third round caliber prospect, but he fell to day three. He has had a horrible run out this offseason, sounds like he hasn't really looked good in training camp, but he's a very young player. It doesn't really shock me that uh De'Von Achane, who's like 26 years old, is looking better than Troy Franklin, who's barely 21 in training camp. It's possible once the season goes along, Bo Nix was his college quarterback, it's possible that he, you know, kind of uh lobbies for his guy to get on the field. A guy that if you're picking up Troy Franklin and you're just going to drop him week two, there's no point in even rostering him anyways. You're probably picking this guy up with the intention that week five, week six is when he starts to get

on the field, when he starts to carve out a role. So, if you're okay rostering a long-term play, Troy Franklin could be your guy. Malik Washington, also a prospect I absolutely loved in the NFL draft process, a very good offense behind Tyreek Hill and Jaylen Waddle, they don't have a whole lot with Odell Beckham on the pup list, so I think Malik Washington has a chance to get on the field, be a slot receiver, be a designed touches guy. We saw what he was able to do in the final preseason game when he was given opportunities as a punt returner, given opportunities for a designed carry against the Buccaneers. So, I do think that there's a chance that Malik Washington carves out a role early on in the season. Uh between the the Bengals wide receiver threes, pick your poison. Jermaine Burton is more of your long-term hold because it appears Andrei Iosivas has the starting job um in three wide receiver sets to begin the season, but it depends what you need. If you're looking for upside, I think Burton's

your guy. If you're looking for immediate PPR flex appeal potentially, then Andrei Iosivas could be your guy. Number four on this list, we have Jacob Cowing, who is going to be a direct beneficiary of Ricky Pearsall being out. He was a fourth round pick by the 49ers as well, and I actually thought as prospects Jacob Cowing and Ricky Pearsall were very comparable. So, there's a chance that he starts as a slot receiver for this team very early on in the year, but there's also a chance that he doesn't see the field until week 10. So, again, if you pick up Jacob Cowing and you have like deep, deep leagues, like eight, nine bench spots he's the type of stash that works in those type of leagues, but I probably wouldn't roster him in any other kind of league format and wait for him to kind of pop up on the waiver wire if Brandon Aiyuk or Deebo Samuel or somebody like that went down, that's probably when Jacob Cowing would be worked into the rotation. And then final deep wide

receiver name, we have Malachi Corley, actually has a chance really to get on the field early on in the outside of Garrett Wilson and Mike Williams on the outside, there is a little bit of a open slot receiver job here between Xavier Gibson and some of the other guys that they have there. I do think Malachi Corley could get on the field early as a designed touches guy, get the ball in his hands on screen passes, on, you know, uh end arounds and stuff like that, but if he makes plays, he has a chance to get uh more opportunities on the field. So, Malachi Corley, again, similar to Cowing, if you pick up Corley, you probably shouldn't drop him after one week. He's probably more of a long-term stash. See what happens to him as the season goes along. So, that'll close out the wide receivers and running backs. Again, I did list these guys in order, so if you have any questions, feel free to leave them in the comments. I do have a couple tight ends and quarterbacks listed here just in case you guys maybe

punted the tight end position, you're looking for some upside on your bench, or maybe you're in a really deep league and you want to upside stash a tight end in case you find the next Trey McBride. Noah Fant, Tucker Kraft, Greg Dulcich, Chig Okonkwo, and Ben Sinnott, all of varying kind of ownership levels. Noah Fant is going to be your more shallow league stash here. He has a chance to really carve out a role for him in the Seattle Seahawks offense. I don't think Tyler Lockett's the same player, so if you're worried that it's a crowded unit, I think this Ryan Grubb scheme is going to throw the ball a lot, and Noah Fant lost Colby Parkinson and Will Dissly out of his tight end core from last season, so there's a very good chance he's running more routes, playing more snaps this year. He is a premier, premier tight end pick up for those of you guys that maybe punted tight end. Like if you took Pat Freiermuth or Dalton Schultz or somebody like that at the end of the

position after all of your league mates drafted highly, you know, valued tight ends, I think pairing Noah Fant on your bench with one of those guys is a good way to get some upside um to go along with uh the the safer player that you might have picked up, Dalton Schultz or Freiermuth or something like that. Deeper leagues especially, Tucker Kraft is a really good stash. I think he's better than Luke Musgrave. I think as the season goes along, he's going to win out that job. It's unfortunate that he like tore his pec in OTAs and it took him a while to get back on the field, but it is a very, very wide open offense. I know it seems crowded, but the best players are going to rise to the top there in Green Bay, and I think Kraft has a chance to carve out that starting job. Greg Dulcich is kind of in the opposite situation where he was once a very, very high upside kind of tight end pick, but he got injured all of last season, dealt with a hamstring injury the whole year, but it's a wide open

offense. Like other than Courtland Sutton, there's no real significant target earners there. I like Troy Franklin, I like Marvin Mims, I like, you know, whoever else, Josh Reynolds, but Greg Dulcich has a chance to carve out a nice role there, and I think he is a good upside stash. You should probably know right away what you have in Greg Dulcich week one, week two, week three. If he's running 40% of the snaps, you can drop him, but if he is the clear starting tight end for this team like I think he will be, he has a chance to be another great second tight end if you grab a safe one earlier on in your draft. Chig Okonkwo, also a similar situation. The Titans are going to throw the ball like crazy, and if he's not in a tight end by committee, and we'll know that who we were once very excited about. Same goes with Ben Sinnott. Again, you're going to know right away what you have week one, week two, week three. If he is totally stuck behind Zach Ertz on the depth chart, there's a very good

chance that he's not fantasy relevant until Zach Ertz gets injured or until he wins out that job. So, Ben Sinnott, also a speculative add to start off the season, and I think for him specifically, he doesn't even necessarily need to be the type of guy that if you have a weak tight end core, you go after because I think his upside is really high that even if you have a great tight end and you just have an open bench spot and you want a trade piece, if he hits, Ben Sinnott is the type of guy that could be a good option for you. And then finally, we go to the quarterback position, Drake May, Justin Fields, Bo Nix. Similar theme with all these guys, low owned, high upside quarterbacks. The only quarterbacks in one quarterback leagues that come very, very low owned that end up hitting. Think of C.J. Stroud last year, rookie quarterback, guy that we didn't know what we were expecting. That is the Drake May and Bo Nix argument. Both of those guys actually run more than uh C.J. Stroud

did, so if Drake May comes out gangbusters, looks like a franchise quarterback, he actually runs a little bit, too, so he has a chance to really be a great fantasy option, waiver wire add for those of you guys that are quarterback needy. And then same goes for Bo Nix. I mean, he's looked good so far in the preseason, both of these guys have, and Bo Nix can run the ball a little bit as well. And then we know what Justin Fields brings to the table. Once he's the starter for the Pittsburgh Steelers, which I think will happen at some point this year, the only question is a matter of when because Russell Wilson has won the starting job and probably has a leg up on him in the competition. Justin Fields, as, you know, wild and crazy as he is, can run the football and and will be really good for fantasy for his own fantasy football value. So, if Justin Fields becomes the starter of the Steelers and you just want to hold him until that time because you don't think Russ is very good and you think it's

going to be like week three by the time Justin Fields is starting, I do think he's a decent upside stash even in one quarterback leagues. If you guys punted quarterback and you grabbed like Tua Tagovailoa or Brock Purdy or something like that, and you had an extra bench spot and you wanted to stash Justin Fields on it just in case he becomes the starter, he is probably going to be a more valuable fantasy quarterback than those type of guys once he takes over the starting job because he runs like crazy, and we know how much rushing fantasy production absolutely matters at the quarterback position. So, again, appreciate you guys for joining me in this video. Leave a like down below if you enjoyed. Subscribe to the channel if you are new. It is my 26th birthday today, so appreciate you guys for sticking around. I believe this is the fifth birthday that I've celebrated on this channel's history. Uh way back in 2020, I talked about my 22nd birthday, so appreciate you guys. If you guys have

been around that long, absolutely let me know down below in the comments how long you guys have been subscribed to the channel. Of course, we hit 50,000 subscribers this week. So, we really appreciate all the support. And before we get out of here, I do want to tell you guys that our weekly rankings manifesto is coming out. If you guys had this uh last year, it was available on Flock Fantasy. It is also available with an Underdog Fantasy promo code FSE sign up and first deposit. So, if you guys want to check that out, definitely do so. But, what you're going to get in the weekly rankings manifesto is every single week we update our weekly rankings. Uh we update them probably daily if not semi-daily to give you guys the best starts and sits for your fantasy football lineups. But, not only do we give you our weekly rankings, we also give you access to all the Vegas information, over-unders, implied point totals, where the sharps are betting, um you know, DVOA matchups, who's got a

good advantage this week, wide receiver-cornerback matchups, quarterback-running back-wide receiver-tight end adjusted fantasy points per game, matchups, everything that you would need to set your lineups is in that weekly rankings manifesto. And like I said, you can get access to it one of two ways. Either get it on flockfantasy.com, promo code FSE when you sign up, or you can get it as a free gift when you sign up on Underdog Fantasy using the promo code FSE and depositing $10. And right now, of course, they have the live Travis Kelce pick'em special leading into the first game of the season. They have tons of promos. You guys can see them all on the screen. All week long, they have tons of promos coming. So, make sure you check that out. And again, both will be linked down below in the description and in the pinned comment. So, again, appreciate you guys for joining me on my birthday here. Peace out. We'll talk to you soon.
