Title: Flock League Rookie Mock Draft

I don't know how we pulled it off, but we were able to get every creator on flockfantasy.com together to do a mock draft over the past few days with the landing spots with the draft capital attached to these guys. Now, I may be a little biased. I think I got some of the best values in the draft, but nonetheless, really hope that this helps you with your Dynasty rookie drafts, knowing what to expect, knowing where to value these rookies. And also I want to remind you that they all have their updated rankings on flockfantasy.com. Draft guides on flockfantasy.com. Prospect databases on flockfantasy.com. It's one place where you can find everything with all your favorite creators. Links in the description. It's in the comment section. If you use code flock when you sign up, I'm going to go ahead and dive deep into your dynasty roster myself and I'll be making suggestions of what you should be doing with your rookie picks this year, of course. But much love, and I hope you appreciate the video. Haven't done this in a while, but 101. We are going to be going with Jeremiah Love. This was the pick before the draft. Obviously, it's still the pick after the draft. He gets himself top three overall draft capital. Something that we saw like back in 2018 with Saquon Barkley and the New York Giants. I will say though, I don't love the landing spot from a 2026 production standpoint just because one, the Cardinals, they project to be a horrible offense. two. At the same time, you do have Tyler Algier in this running back room that I still think is going to have some work. So, I would be projecting out Jeremiah Love this season as a low-end RB1, high-end RB2. So, if I was a contending team in Dynasty, I do think you really have to entertain the idea of selling the 101 for a player like Ashton Genty that maybe has a similar long-term outlook, but projects a little bit better for 2026. >> All right, I've got the 102 and I'm going to take Carnell Tate going to the Tennessee Titans. You got top five draft capital. There are really three wide receivers here in a tier for us that we think you could take. Tate, Lemon, and Tyson. All of them have redeeming qualities. Tate, I I think people are going to lean Tay at the 102 in Dynasty rookie drafts because he really is the only guy that when you're looking at those three receivers doesn't have significant competition. You have Tyson with Alb, right? You have Lemon with Devonte Smith. But with Tate, I mean, Jell Robinson's great, but honestly, he fits really well there. He has the chance to be an alpha wide receiver. He got the highest draft capital of any of those wide receivers. And so from a dynasty perspective, I think that dynasty players are going to lean Carnell Tate. I'll take him here. I will hope that he gets in to be a first or second round dynasty startup pick someday and hope I get a huge value win. With the 103, I'm going to go ahead and take Jordan Tyson here. I know everybody has been kind of complaining about him going to New Orleans. And honestly, I'm a lot more okay with it than I think a lot of people are going to be because I actually am a bit of a Tyler Shuck fan. And I think at least from a passing volume perspective, he's going to provide enough volume for a lobby to continue what he was doing last season and for Tyson to be pretty decently productive his rookie season. Again, I I think the the floor is obviously going to be decently low and I would say the floor is probably lower than what like Cardinal Tate is going to offer as the number one wide receiver unquestioned in Tennessee's offense. But this is a Kell Moore offense and he's known historically to be a guy who really wants to throw the ball like crazy almost to a fault. So, expect this to be, I think, a lot more of an explosive offense than we've seen in past years. Um, and see that offense as a whole take a step up from what we saw the previous season with Tyler Shuck in his rookie year and a popping off. I I I think this offense is going to be a lot of fun with those two guys at receiver and Travis Tina at running back. >> All right, I'm on the board at the 104 and um landing spots to be damned. Mai Lemon was my wide receiver one coming into the NFL draft and he is not my wide receiver one now. Tate, I definitely would have taken over him. But the Mai Lemon landing spot, you get the Philadelphia Eagles historically 10 to 12 win plus team and you know that AJ Brown is on his way out. Jaylen Herz as a passer is not the greatest quarterback. At times they've underperformed as a passing offense. The volume's not necessarily there. But to be honest with you, I don't think that Jayen Herz is going to be in that situation long enough for me to care. And what I do know about Lemon is he's like the seventh best prospect that uh my model has seen since 2016. So I'm just going to trust the caliber of prospect here and not worry too too much about the semantics of Devonte Smith and Jaylen Herz and he can't throw over the middle and all that stuff. I'm just going to take a very talented prospect at the 104. I'm up next year with the 106. And with the 106 I will be selecting the first overall pick in the 2026 NFL draft with Fernando Mendoza, quarterback of the Las Vegas Raiders. Underrated situation here. You obviously bring over Clint Kubak from the Seattle Seahawks Super Bowl championship this year. Clint Kubiaak, we saw how the offense worked in Seattle. One of the most efficient attacks last year. He sure the offensive line bringing in Tyler Linderbomb. And I do think Fernando Mendoza, while the top end ceiling may not be the, you know, peak Lamar Jackson, peak Jaden Daniels, kind of what we saw from Patrick Mahomes, for example, level upside of fantasy. I also do think that this is, you know, a B+ a minus level quarterback at the first overall pick here. And I do think the ceiling could be maybe you look at the Joe Burrow, the Dak Prescott, the quarterback three to six upside range in fantasy. I do think if the Raiders are going to continue to develop around him here, we could be talking about a guy that flirts with 35 plus passing touchdowns, 3 to 500 rushing yards. I do think there's underrated athleticism. And I do think in terms of Fernando Mendoza, especially in your superflex formats, he needs to be off the board within the first five picks of your draft. So, I'm happy to get him here. 106. I feel like I got a steal. We'll see what happens here with Zach at the next pick. >> Thank you, Danny. Uh, now for the actual 106. I love you, Danny. I'll see you at Denny's here soon. It could have been me, actually. Uh, is it December 25th? Can someone tell me? Do I have the date wrong? I've been given an absolute gift here. Jadarian Price is clearly the pick. I think you can draft him as high as the 104 in this class. To be quite frank with you guys, the conversation around is Jadarium Price really a first round talent. Look, I don't think he's a first round talent. Now, we can talk about this entire class as a whole. It's a weaker draft class just in general across the board. So, you might not want to call him a first round talent. That's fine. I get that. He was a first round pick. The Seattle Seahawks said he's going to be our future running back uh of of this team. Zack Charbanet tore his ACL late in the year. I don't think he's even going to see the field until week 10 or 11. And you look at the absolute best bets you can make here at Land Football. We're big on historical hit rates. When you look at our star status, let's just go to star status, okay? The best bet you can make in a rookie draft is a round one running back. They hit at an 86% clip. The second best bet you can make is a round two running back. So, even if you don't want to consider Jadarian Price a round one talent, let's call him a round two talent. Okay? If he was a top 50 pick, I would still consider him at the 104. The point is, he's stepping into the absolute perfect scenario. I went and looked at my projections for the 2026 season. I don't project Zack Sharpen to see the field very much at all. By the way, a free agent after this year, I'm giving at this moment 54% of the team carries to Jaren Price. I'm giving him about 50% of their goal line carries. I'm giving him only a 7% target share. I know he's not done a lot in college and he's projecting out right now to hit over,00 rushing yards, about 13 points per game as a rookie. I think it's the perfect fit for him scheme-wise here in Seattle. A team that loves to run the ball, has a great defense. There'll be plenty of rushing opportunities in this offense for Jadarian Price to come and take over. So, look, personally, I feel like Jaren Price is a no-brainer here. Uh, I would instantly put him right in the top 15 of my dynasty running back rankings. It is so difficult to trade for a running back that you know is going to get opportunity, that you know is going to get volume. I think he is very much like a modern like JK Dobbins. Like what JK Dobbins has been giving the Chargers recently, the Denver Broncos recently, I think he can give that to an offense. Do I think he has insane receiving upside? No. But he has shown he can catch the ball. It's just when you're behind a name like Jeremiah Love, you're not going to get many opportunities. So, perfect fit. History tells you it's a great pick. Uh opportunities are right in front of him. It's just in this class with very few can't miss opportunities here. I think Jadarian Price, a first round running back, even if you want to call him a round two running back, history tells us you got to make that bet. >> All right, I'm on the clock here at the 107. And this is a tight end premium format. I'm pretty sure top six I think is pretty chalk. That's my top six for dynasty rookie drafts after the first round as well. And I'm going to go with Kenyan Sadique here at the 107. I think you can make a case for Casey Conpsion. You can make a case for Omar Cooper, and you can make a case for Ty Simpson. I'm going to go with the guy who gets top 16, 16th overall pick to the New York Jets draft capital. I think there's a huge opportunity for a number two target in this offense. He's obviously going to compete with Omar Cooper Jr. for that role. But I think short uh close to the line of scrimmage stuff Sadiq obviously an incredible athlete. I think this Jets offense has a little bit of juice here in 2026 with Gino Smith. The offensive line is good. a good running game hopefully with Bree Hall. I think Sadi could have a big year one in a tight end premium format. I'm happy taking him at the 107. >> All right, up at the 108 we're gonna take Casey Conpsion, which by the way does just stand for Kevin Conpsion. Conpsion. I think he's probably a pretty big fantasy football value in rookie drafts at the 1.8. The Browns did also take Denzel Boston, doubling up on their double rookie thing they did last year. I'm not a Denzel Boston fan and I was a big conception fan. Boston just doesn't really fit the modern NFL game the way Conpion does. One of the better route runners in the class. He's electric after the catch. Had 41 rushes his freshman season at NC State because they just wanted to find a way to get the ball in his hands. They also found a way to get the ball in his hands his sophomore year after their starting quarterback got injured. He was also great at Texas A&M and unexpectedly good Texas A&M team. Not a lot of people thought they were going to be as good on offense as they were with Marcel Reed as the quarterback. After the crazy first three games by Mario Craraver Conpion was the clear lead wide receiver in that offense. I think obviously his upside case someone like Aman Ross St. Brown I think a more realistic hope is something like 75th percentile. Keenan Allen kind of peak Keenan Allen with the Chargers. I'm very happy to get Conpsion at the 1.8. >> All right with the 109 I'm going to go ahead and take Ty Simpson. Um, do I think that he's a great quarterback? Hell, I I'm not gonna be able to tell you. Everybody on YouTube and every podcaster tells you that he's garbage. But he goes pick 13 to the Los Angeles Rams. Yes, Shawn McVey looks like he's not happy about it. But honestly, he may be playing pretend to keep Matthew Stafford happy. Ultimately, I would assume this means Tai Simpson is the starting quarterback with Pugandua and Shawn McVey in 2027 and beyond. And that's just something in a 12 team Superflex league in particular I think is worth a late first and a week class. If it was a 10 team superflex league, you'd probably push him down a bit more, but we're going to do this based off a 12T teamer. And I don't know who's on the clock with 110. Maybe Avery's next. As much as it pains me that all my favorite Indiana players are going to the New York Jets right now, um I will take Omar Cooper Jr. at number 10 here. He got first round draft capital. The Jets traded up to get him. From a landing spot perspective, obviously he's playing alongside Garrett Wilson there and playing alongside newly drafted tight end Kenyan Sadique. However, uh he is an Indiana guy and I don't know if you know this, but Indiana football actually won the national championship and Nathan and I were actually there for that. And so naturally, I'm going to take my boy. I'll make a I'll make a bias pick. I'll make a homer pick and I will take Omar Cooper Jr. at the number 10 pick in this draft. >> Well, I just wasted my entire time watching day two of the NFL draft to see if there was a guy that I would actually take at the 111 over Sour and that is not the case. I'm taking Eli Sters. He's the best analytical pick. He's the best value there. Gets a good landing spot longterm. obviously is going to be contending for snaps with Dallas Goddard this year. I don't think the production is going to be super high until Goddard gets hurt at some point maybe. Um I really do like Star Wars as an athlete though. Love this film coming out of college. Um we'll see what he can end up doing in a situation where the passing volume isn't super high and they just add a Mai Lemon there to pair with Devont Smith. We assume AJ Brown is heading out of that offense to another team probably the Patriots uh this season. But regardless, it's kind of a take your medicine pick at the end of the first round in a draft where the depth is pretty poor. >> All right, so I'm on the board here with 112 and uh pretty straightforward decision for me. Uh I'm trusting my evaluation, trusting the prospect that I think should be going in this territory and Jonah Coleman. If we got better landing spots for some of these second round receivers or, you know, whatever, I would be very comfortable going with them over Jonah Coleman. But in the fourth round, the Broncos take Jonah Coleman. JK Dobbins on a one-year deal. This is a team that was in the AFC Championship last year. And RJ Harvey in my prospect model was a worse prospect than JK Dobbins despite going in round two. So for me, I'm going to trust the guy who in my prospect model is the second best ever prospect to fall to day three since 2016. Cam Scataboo being number one, Bashel Tutin being number three, and then beyond that, you have guys like Chase Brown and Aaron Jones and whatnot. I'm just going to bet on a player who should have gone on day two of the NFL draft to a very good landing spot where long-term he can carve out a starting role alongside um you know RJ Harvey. I think that it's going to be a committee backfield probably early in his career. But I will I will take the lumps cuz at this point at 112 there's not a ton of players I feel high conviction about anyways. Um so I'll just roll with Jonah Coleman who was the best prospect in this territory for me. And with the 13th overall pick, I will be selecting Denzel Boston, wide receiver now of the Cleveland Browns. He's going to profile into that X- wide receiver, 6'4, 200 plus pound frame, very, very good at the catch point, very good working downfield. And I mean, it's very simple. He goes top 40 in the NFL draft. Obviously, there's a lot of pros and cons with the situation. Cons being you have Harold Fan in there coming off a big rookie year. You just selected Casey Conpsion with that 24th overall pick. But at the same time, he is my highest rated prospect. And I do think this is a very fluid situation. Again, I think with Fannon and with Casey Conpsion, it's an ambiguous wide receiver core. Now, would I favor those two ahead of Denzel? Absolutely. But it wouldn't shock me if, you know, 20% of the time Denzel Boston does end up being the number one on this offense. But even still, even if he does profile, say, more of a number two, more of a number three, the Cleveland Browns, man, they have the 2027 pick capital. they have an opportunity to, you know, pick an Arch Manning, a Dante Moore, maybe a Julian Saiyan if he has a big time here at Ohio State. So, while we could look at the quarterback situation for Cleveland now and think, uh, Shed Sanders, Deshawn Watson, like the reddraft projection isn't there for Denzel Boston, but for those of you guys that are looking at the Cleveland Browns and thinking this is a completely dead situation, I do think there's an opportunity looking at next year with a rebuilt offensive line, whichever rookie quarterback you insert in could lead a promising offense. So, Denzel Boston, don't feel great about it. It is a big- time wide tier for me, but I do think he's the top of it here. On the clock here, we are taking an absolute dog. Okay, Antonio Williams, welcome to the squad. Look, you look at the Washington passing attack. Terry McLaren, is he even going to be there long term? Is Brandon Iayuk going to even play football? Is he going to be a commander? Either way, Luke McAffrey has been the starting slot receiver for the Commanders for the last couple years. has showed us literally nothing. Uh Antonio Williams is an absolute superstar, man, at at Clemson. You can play him inside, outside. Uh he's primarily probably going to play slot for this team, but has the flexibility to play outside. 5'11, uh just under 200 lb. But this guy's an incredible route runner. I definitely think that at this point of the draft, looking at historical hit rates might not be as helpful as every pick is probably a bad pick at this point. Like historically, all the models and all the historical hit rates and draft capital is going to tell you most picks that you make here on out are going to be probably pretty bad. They have a very low chance of hitting. So, the way I'm viewing it this year is I'm just saying to myself, okay, which of these guys has a chance contextually to be relevant based on the situation that they find themselves in? That's why I'm going Antonio Williams here. I think there's a ton of Josh Downs to his game. I think that's at minimum what the commanders are getting. I'm I'm very very high on this player. Uh, and I don't really want to say this because I think people will be upset, but the 0.000000001% chance that he is like a Julian Edelman. Just he's got that dog. Okay, probably never puts up that career, but like there's I see a lot of similar play style. >> All right, I'm back up at the 203 here and I'm going to take Jeremy Bernard gets drafted in the second round to the Pittsburgh Steelers. Yes, of course. In year 1, there will be some target competition, but uh Michael Pitman and DK Metaf both getting close to uh 30 years old. I think Jeremy Bernard is a really, really solid wide receiver. Gets selected in the second round. We like that draft capital in this class at the 203. You can't ask for a lot more than that. So, give me Jeremy Bernard, wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers. >> I'm taking Jacobe Lane at 16. I actually think the Baltimore Ravens is like a pretty good landing spot for a wide receiver at this stage. Like who is the wide receiver to right now? Is it nominally Rashad Baitman, Devontes Walker? They also don't have a tight end, too. They kind of came out of the draft really not being able to solve that problem. So, draft and free agency. That problem is not solved. Lamar Jackson has been one of the best, most efficient throwing quarterbacks in the NFL for the entirety of his career until last year. He got his favorite coach kicked out of town. New staff is in. They're supposed to be Lamar Jackson compliant. I really like Jacobe Lane at USC seems to be a little bit of an unpopular opinion. A lot of my fantasy football brethren not nearly as into Jacobe Lane, but I think being as productive as he was with basically nothing but NFL wide receivers alongside him, NFL wide receivers and running backs and some contri and some contribution there at tight end. I mean, Jacobe Lane is a very unique skill set and body set in the NFL now. like that kind of pure boundary x-wide receiver is out of fashion, but big fan of Jacobe Lane in his game here at 16. So, that's who I'm taking. >> We're going to go ahead and take Drew Aller. Don't bother looking at third round expected hit rates. Quarterbacks, they're ugly. It's been absolutely horrendous, but it's a quarterback that has a very clear path to being a starter in Pittsburgh either this year or next. And if he does start, pretty good supporting cast. Medaf, Pitman, Jeremy Bernard, and he should run the ball at decent amount. He had like 30 rushing yards per game his final season at Penn State. So, um, in a weak class, I'm fine taking that swing in the middle of the second. It's almost comparable to like, uh, Jaylen Milro last year, which obviously would have been a little bit later just because last season was a better rookie draft than this one. All right, looks like I'm on the clock at the 206 and I'm going to take Max Claire, tight end out of Ohio State, actually has a really good analytical profile. He grades out above Eli Sters in our bakery database. And so, take the prospect profile. You also take the the fact that I don't want to draft third round wide receivers because the hit rate is abysmal. There are no running backs to draft. And I hate Carson Beck. There's really nobody else left for me to take here besides Max Claire. We've got him ranked pretty aggressively because again tight ends that go in that range usually hit at a fairly decent rate in Dynasty. I like Max Cla. I liked him at Ohio State. I think the Rams are a good situation for him. He could go there. And although the Rams use approximately 40 tight ends every season, Max Cla could be Matthew Stafford's favorite this next year. I'll take Claire here at the 206. >> Let me go ahead and take the other third round quarterback that went off the board in Carson Beck. I can't stand Carson Beck. I really, really enjoyed watching him lose to our team. uh in the national championship, but he is the pick here because he's going into a situation where he does have a decent chance of getting a starting opportunity this season. I like Jacobe Brassette a lot um from a fantasy perspective. I mean, he was startable last season, but you're looking at a team that is probably reloading this year and is going to give everybody they possibly can an opportunity to, you know, see what they have. and a third round pick in Carson Beck. Like that's that's worth them showing him a potential starting opportunity if he can show out in training camp. So, um again, it gets ugly here in the second round. Uh but this is a pretty decent upside shot heading into 2026. So, with the 20th pick, I'm on the board here. And um I hate that Baltimore actually did this because I really love this prospect and they already took Jacobe Lane, but Elijah Serat to me, top six receiver in the draft, pre-draft. I get the fourth round capital, but Aman Ross St. Brown fell to the fourth round. And I think the skill sets here are very similar. You got a zone coverage beating receiver. Only Jordan Tyson per reception. Perception beat zone coverage at a higher level. And the Ravens have never really had a receiver like this who can get open in the red zone. Nobody in this class had more red zone touchdowns over the last two seasons than Elijah Serat. So, I get the fourth round capital. Kind of sucks, but I will take the discount. I'll take the dip on Elijah Surrod going to play with a two-time MVP quarterback Jacobe Lane and Z Flowers are concerns, but I'm definitely still taking my shots on a prospect that I really loved and my prospect model really loved going into the year. And at 21 is where Ted Hurst will hear his name called. New wide receiver of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. And this guy's my wide receiver rate coming into the NFL draft. Gets that top 100 draft capital. Very intriguing ex-wide receiver prospect. Obviously the news this offseason for Tampa. They lose Mike Evans. Yeah, sure there's, you know, target competition in Tampa Bay. You're expecting Amecha Ibuka to take that step. Joe McMillan, you know, a semi-efficient receiver after his first two years, but at the same time, there's no true ex wide receiver profile on this Bucks team. That's until Ted Hurst walks in. To me, this guy's got the traits to be, you know, that small school George Pickins. And obviously, that is hyperbolic. It is from Georgia State. You can't really take his film at full capacity, but at the same time, man, 6'3 size, 200 plusb frame, 442 level speed. The NFL seems to like his tape as much as I do. Again, my wide receiver rate went off the board around that range in the NFL draft. I truly think the upside here in an especially passy Bucks offense could be a legitimate rookie breakout. Again, my comp somewhere on that George Pickkins, Michael Gallop level plane and if he developed into either of those players, you are getting an absolute steal at the end of the second round. 21st overall. I'd be willing to take this guy in the top 15 of rookie drafts. We are back up on the clock here and yes, this is a player that in many rookie drafts I would be absolutely avoiding. Unfortunately, this class sucks. Okay, so I'm not going to let Don Stribbling fall any further than this. He's probably MVS, probably Marvin Jones. Maybe he's the Jawan Jennings replacement in San Francisco. He's not a young pup at all. Old Miss probably gonna bust, but most people are probably gonna bust in this class. Uh, but I'm gonna take him here. Pick 33 overall. Uh, and it's really not so much that I love Deson's dribbling. I think he's great after the catch. Uh, I don't think he's great at the catch point for his size, but it's more like who else am I going to take here? I thought Chris Bell was maybe a good pick. Nicholas Singleton's maybe a good pick here, but I'll go ahead and take Don Stribbling. I think this is one of those examples where we all know he's not the best prospect, so we're probably going to try and force him down our boards. Maybe in this class, we might be doing that too much. So, I'll take him off the board here with the penultimate pick in the Flock Fantasy rookie draft. I'm going to take Katron Allen, running back out of Penn State, who ends up on the Washington Commanders, who we got a pretty open backfield here. I mean, Rashad White on a one-year, $2 million contract. Cory Krosky, Merritt, Bill, legend, but he's a meme. All right. Uh Katron Allen can beat this guy out easily. And so, you know, it's not good draft capital at all, but we all know in this class, you take what you can get. And Katron Allen, who I think did really well, you know, really took that job from Nick Singleton at Penn State in 2025. I think he can take this backfield and I think that he can do something with it. And you know, in in these 2026 rookie drafts, this is these are the kind of players I'm going to be targeting. Backfield's where there's opportunity. I think Kron Allen is talented, and I think he could be maybe this year's Kyle Manung guy, if you feel me. >> Final pick of the Flock Mock draft for me is going to be Adam Randall, running back out of Clemson, drafted to the Baltimore Ravens. He weighs 235 lbs. He converted from wide receiver to running back. Only played running back for one season at Clemson, and it got him drafted. in this draft class. I actually think had he played running back for his entire career at Clemson, he might have ended up being the random third rounder that the 49ers took, I think converting from wide receiver to running back. I mean, I'm a I love positional converts. That's just one of the things about me in dynasty fantasy football. But I do think that conversion is going to help him get on the field because this backfield behind Derrick Henry for the Ravens is wide open. Justice Hill is going to be the long down and distance passing down back the same way he was in years prior. But I do wonder if Randle can actually eat into some of that work because he is able to play in more situations. He's going to be a more natural north and south runner than Justice Hill. I actually did love Justice Hill coming out of Oklahoma State. Derrick Henry's 32 years old, going to turn 33 this season. I think having the Ravens handcuff running back is really valuable in and of itself. So getting Randall with the final pick in this mock draft is easy money. Adam Randall to close us out. I appreciate you checking out this video and of course if you want to find the stuff of everybody in it, it's all on flockfantasy.com. Links in the description, links in the comment section. Much love and I hope I get to see you in a live stream that I'll be doing later
