Title: This Made Me Update My Dynasty Rankings

We have rehab news. We have an NFL trade. We have Travis Hunter now being a full-time cornerback, and we have suspension stuff we need to talk about. And I just updated my dynasty rankings because of all this. Now, obviously, been following on the site. It was almost 2 weeks ago at this point that Puka Nacua checked into rehab. I made a small adjustment with my own ranks. Am I going to go out there and panic and go, "Oh my gosh, Puka Nacua has these massive problems and it's really going to impact us?" Yeah, I'm probably not, right? I just moved him below JSN, below Ja'Marr Chase because the continued trend that we've had from Puka Nacua over the past 6 months is this dude kind of looks like he's a knucklehead. It kind of looks like it could be a problem down the road if this snowballs or if this escalates. But as of now, my panic meter would be like a 2 out of 10 on Puka, which is why he's still an S-tier level wide receiver. He's still player that's worth a first-round startup pick. I would just use the tiebreaker now to prefer a player like JSN that you have no concerns with at all off the field. Now, moving over to our next piece of news, this is also another old one. Rashee Rice isn't going to be disciplined after the investigation into the accusations by his former girlfriend. The NFL concluded that he, quote unquote, has not engaged in conduct that violates the personal conduct policy. So, if we're trying to project out Rashee Rice at this point, we have to project him to play 17 games this next season, which is something that ultimately we really haven't ever had the chance to see from Rice. Now, of course, we've seen Rashee Rice for 3 years now absolutely dominate in small samples. In his rookie season in 2023, after week 12, you can go ahead and see that he was a top 12 wide receiver in fantasy. 24 and 1/2 points per game, 14 and 1/2, 18.2, 24.1, 11.7, 17.7. Then in 2024, he looks like he is set up to be a legitimate league winner, which terrified me cuz I hadn't drafted him a lot in 2024. Where he starts off the year with 17 and 1/2, 18 and 1/2, 29 fantasy points, and then tears the ACL in week 4. Then in 2025, coming back from the torn ACL, seeing the suspension, you actually did get Rashee Rice immediately back as a wide receiver one. His first 3 weeks with the Chiefs, he was the wide receiver 10, 2, 12, a down week against a really tough Denver Broncos matchup in week 11, but then he has back-to-back games with 24 and 29 fantasy points. Now, of course, at the end of the year, the Kansas City Chiefs fall apart. Patrick Mahomes gets injured. So, in the fantasy playoffs, Rashee Rice didn't really do much for you, but all in all, we can see a very, very strong sample where in games in which Rashee Rice himself actually sees 60-plus percent of the snaps for the Kansas City Chiefs, which is the threshold when he started producing as a rookie, and Patrick Mahomes plays the entire game, Rashee Rice is a projectable top 10 wide receiver in fantasy week in and week out. Now, if we go ahead and look at where I moved him to in our dynasty rankings, knowing that we don't have any immediate short-term suspension concerns, I moved him up to wide receiver 14. This was a dramatic jump where he was previously an E-tier level wide receiver for me, and now he sits at the very top of D-tier, which also has Emeka, Ladd McConkey, Luther Burden, Rome Odunze, and Tee Higgins in it cuz there still are very real red flags for Rashee Rice. If I'm going to knock Puka Nacua in the slightest bit and put JSN ahead of him because we think he could do something stupid in the future, Rice has shown that that is a very high probability of happening for himself. So, even though I'd project him as a top 10 wide receiver in redraft leagues this next year, even though I would say that he is still in his prime at only 26 years old, you have the off-the-field stuff concerning in the future, and you don't really know if the Kansas City Chiefs are going to bring him back after his rookie deal because of that. Now, the trade news that we got today is actually regarding Dontayvion Wicks. So, the Packers are trading Dontayvion Wicks to the Philadelphia Eagles, and he's getting a 1-year $12.5 million extension. Now, what's very important with this is noticing the team trading for Dontayvion Wicks. It's Philadelphia, and Diana Russini has continued to let us know Mike Vrabel is in love with AJ Brown, right? This is the most rumored trade that I've seen in the NFL in forever, where every sign points to AJ Brown being a New England Patriot this next year. I think that this trade, I mean, really gives a ton of credit to that. And with Dontayvion Wicks, if he were to be a Philadelphia Eagle with no AJ Brown, only playing alongside DeVonta Smith, for deeper dynasty leagues where it's maybe a start 11 superflex contest, I mean, very easily you could see him making a difference. Like we went ahead and moved Dontayvion Wicks from a range of players that you would never even consider valuing as like a third-round rookie pick to up in the tier with guys like Josh Downs, Brandon Aiyuk, Jalen McMillan, Shaheed, Deebo, Shakir, Troy Franklin, Jalen Coker, Kayshon Boutte. Um Dontayvion Wicks showed efficiency as a rookie where he had 2 yards per route run. So, a lot of people got very excited. He had 10 yards per target, but ultimately never really did anything in Green Bay because he never played more than 54% of the snaps for the Green Bay Packers, but they had one of the most crowded wide receiver rooms in the league, and I think that here, if AJ Brown does get dealt, Dontayvion Wicks can possibly be viable in those deeper formats. But what the Green Bay Packers' main problem was with their wide receivers is none of them ever played enough. We just talked about Dontayvion Wicks at best played 54% of the snaps for the Packers. Romeo Doubs was really the only player that was close to a full-time option for Green Bay at 79% of the snaps. Going over and looking at Jayden Reed, um Jayden Reed this past year was only at 44% of the snaps, but if you look at what just happened in Green Bay, you had both Dontayvion Wicks and Romeo Doubs now gone this offseason. So, that platoon of wide receivers that they were rolling out there, all of a sudden does get a little bit more concentrated, and I feel a little better about projecting Christian Watson out to be completely honest with you. So, I moved Christian Watson up my rankings. We have Christian Watson now as a player that very easily can be relied upon, and what's actually interesting is if you go through and look at where Christian Watson is getting drafted in Underdog Best Ball drafts at the moment, um they are very, very aggressive on him. Like right now, you can actually see that Christian Watson's going as like the wide receiver 30 in Underdog contest. He's only going to be 27 this next year from a dynasty perspective. I do have Christian Watson lower than this. I have Christian Watson at wide receiver 34, but that's higher than a lot of the other creators have him on the site, and this is a wide receiver that came back very early from destroying his knee in 2024, and he had three games with 20-plus fantasy points, and all of a sudden, you can actually bank on him possibly seeing 75-plus percent of the snaps this next year. Also, Matthew Golden is going to have to be a riser. Golden wasn't a prospect I really liked, mainly just cuz y'all know I'm mainly numbers-driven coming out of Texas. Hook 'em Horns wasn't really productive, wasn't productive before he transferred. So, I know a lot of film guys love Matthew Golden last year, but ultimately, uh not much there, and he ended up face-planting as a rookie. But regardless of that, all of a sudden, the path forward is very clear. Like again, a big issue that he had is he only played 54% of the snaps last season for Green Bay. But now that you don't have Doubs, now that you don't have Dontayvion Wicks, Matthew Golden could be a lot closer to an 80% snap rate player. Like you got Christian Watson, Jayden Reed, Golden. Like he's going to be out there. So, I moved Matthew Golden up my rankings ahead of guys like Jayden Higgins, Courtland Sutton, Chris Godwin. Um hell, I even moved him ahead of like Romeo Doubs himself, even though Doubs is a phenomenal landing spot. I just think maybe you have a higher ceiling for Matthew Golden, and I think you could see him continue to rise. My only concern here potentially with like the lesser Packers receivers outside of Christian Watson is this is a team that's very live to take one in the NFL draft if they think that Golden is complete dust, but again, he has life. And obviously, as you see all these graphics with all these stats and all these rankings on the screen, just know that's all from flockfantasy.com, right? I mean, if you're not already on flockfantasy.com, don't know what you're waiting for. You have all the rookie draft data that you need, including draft guides from multiple creators, including multiple prospect models. That's where I keep all my updated rankings year-round, and you have the ability to link every single one of your dynasty teams and view your overall portfolio for completely free. I'm going to leave the link in the description and the comment section. If you were to get an annual Motherflocker membership with code flock, you'd unlock everything the site has to offer, and I would answer your questions personally in the live streams, and we're about to be live-streaming every single night. Now, moving over to the most viral thing on fantasy football Twitter right now, Travis Hunter. Yes, we are repping the jersey, is, quote unquote, going to be a full-time corner this next year and a part-time receiver. Now, I had already baked this into the price tag for a lot of these Jacksonville Jaguars because, while this is the number one thing trending at the moment, if y'all remember, this is a report that we got, I mean, way back at the beginning of the offseason. The only difference between us hearing this today versus 3 months ago is Ian Rapoport's the one that's saying it. So, obviously, Ian Rapoport, pretty much the largest platform you're to find, maybe besides Schefter, he tweets it out, it's going to get a ton of eyeballs. Now, I do want to point out that Travis Hunter was a very disappointing rookie. Of course, if you took him at the 103, which is where I had him ranked in rookie drafts last year, which looks like a massive whiff. I only had Quentin Johnston and Amari and Hampton ahead of him. But, if you took him at the 103 last year, I mean, hell, obviously, even if you took him at the 106, 107 and got a quote-unquote great value on him, you're pissed. Because last season, you had one game with 10 or more points from Travis Hunter. He drops 24 fantasy points in week seven. He had 14 targets, eight receptions, 101 receiving yards, and a receiving touchdown. Looks like he's going to have the full-blown breakout. Obviously, Danny from Fantasy Stock Exchange is losing his mind, so excited. And then, tears the ACL and everything is downhill. So, it's very difficult to rank Travis Hunter at this point. But, I think you have to assume, if he's on your team, he's a zero this next season. Now, best-case scenario, you end up getting Brian Thomas Jr. traded, and then all of a sudden, these reports um honestly may not matter because Travis Hunter may be forced to play a little more on the offensive side of the ball. But, I've moved Travis Hunter down to being outside of our top 30 wide receivers. I'd very clearly rather have DJ Moore, Jordan Addison, Michael Wilson, Alec Pierce. And honestly, there's a chance that I may prefer Quentin Johnston, if I'm going to be 100% honest with you. Now, in terms of what this does for the Jacksonville Jaguars wide receivers, I have Brian Thomas ranked at wide receiver 20. Brian Thomas, very, very interesting. This is um a wide receiver like I've never seen before, to be completely honest. If you're on flockfantasy.com, you can see the historical rankings over time, of course. And you can see that Brian Thomas Jr. peaked as wide receiver six in the expert average rankings last off season. And then, now he is down at wide receiver 20 in the expert average ranks. I am more aggressive on Parker Washington on the site than a lot of people. And it's honestly very interesting. I have Parker Washington ranked at wide receiver 41, which is, again, lower than Davis, lower than Nathan, lower than Sammy, lower than Danny, lower than Corey, lower than Avery, lower than Zach. A lot of people have Parker Washington ranked after wide receiver 50. This is despite him actually putting up an impressive age 23 season. If you look historically, he actually had a very similar age 23 season to DeVonta Smith, to Pierre Garçon, to Tre'Quan Smith, to Deebo Samuel, to Jameson Crowder, to DeVante Parker. Um now, of course, a lot of these guys did end up flaming out, but a lot of these guys you weren't drafting as a wide receiver four for your own team. And I think maybe a little bit of the disconnect here for Parker Washington is people not understanding how young he is. Cuz he has played three full seasons in the NFL, but he only turned 24 years old just about a month ago. And lastly, if you look at where people are taking him in best ball drafts at the moment, um right now, he's the wide receiver 36 off the board in underdog drafts. A 24-year-old wide receiver that's going as a low-end wide receiver three in a redraft leagues, um is ranked outside of the top 50 wide receivers for a lot of people in dynasty. So, I think Parker Washington is a buy. I moved him up slightly due to this news, but I was already ahead of the market on him. I think Jakobi Meyers looks decent as well after the trade. Jakobi Meyers went out there and had, I mean, some consistent production, a five-game stretch where he had at least 11 fantasy points per game. Big issue with Jakobi Meyers is already 29 years old. I mean, his career high is 14 and 1/2 fantasy points per game, so the ceiling just historically isn't there. So, if I had to pick between the two players, I would go Parker Washington, but obviously, Brian Thomas Jr. is the number one guy. And then, at this point, Travis Hunter, if it were him versus a future second and third, which are obviously unlikely to hit on their own right, I would still hold Travis Hunter and roll the dice. But, I mean, hypothetically, if you could get a first for him, obviously, you'd sell, but that is a massive hypothetical situation because you're not getting a first for Travis Hunter at this point, which is very sad, but I really appreciate you. I'm super excited to be back. I am freaking pumped to start making videos again. And yeah, I'm going to be live streaming, looking at dynasty teams from the site pretty much every night through the NFL draft. So, um if you want to submit your dynasty team to get looked at by me, if you want all my rankings, if you want all the tools on flockfantasy.com, link's in the description. It's in the comment section. Code flock will get me to answer those questions for you for free. You can get me to look at your dynasty team. And yeah, I really appreciate you. And I really hope I get to see y'all with the live stream later tonight.
