Title: Top 32 Quarterback Dynasty Rankings & Tiers

People get more heated with quarterback rankings than anything. I'm going to try my best with these though. Tier one, we're going to go with Josh Allen and Jaden Daniels. Now, with Daniels, you actually saw a higher rushing ceiling from a yardage perspective in year one than what we've had through Josh Allen's entire NFL career. Where if you're going to go ahead and you're going to look at Josh Allen capping out at 763 rushing yards back in 2021 as a careerhigh, Daniels was up at 861 this past season. Now, of course, a big conversation that you're going to have is going to be Josh Allen's frame allowing him to maybe access a ceiling when it comes to the rushing touchdowns that Daniels we don't know if he can get to. Daniel's six rushing touchdowns this past season in comparison to Josh Allen who's averaged about 13 to 14 rushing touchdowns over the past two years. Obviously, Allen has just given us such a large sample with crazy passing volume numbers where you are looking at the past five, six seasons, almost every year, Josh Allen actually eclipsing 4,000 passing yards. So, Allen's been incredible. Daniels does get the offensive line improvements as well as the additional weapon with Debo Samuel this off seasonason. So, if you wanted to put Daniels ahead of Allen, I wouldn't fault you for it. I do want to remind you that while yes, Jaden Daniels is only going into year two, he was a very old rookie. Like Jaden Daniels is actually going to be turning 25 at the end of this season and Josh Allen is about to turn 29. So the age gap isn't massive, massive, massive with them. Going into tear down to Lamar Jackson, it's very difficult, right? I will say Lamar was my most drafted quarterback in reddraft leagues last year. If you looked at my best ball mania team that made it to the finals, I had Lamar Jackson on it. I absolutely love Lamar. Honestly, I think you can make an argument for Lamar Jackson to be the number one quarterback in reddraft leagues going into this next season. He's coming off a year where he just averaged 25 fantasy points per game. Josh Allen has never done that. He's coming off a season where he had 41 passing touchdowns. Allen's never had 40 passing touchdowns and only four interceptions. I would make an argument that Lamar Jackson actually should have been the MVP over Josh Allen if it wasn't for the fact that he's already won the award multiple times. I bet he would have. Now, if you're looking at Lamar Jackson, you have the consistent rushing upside as well where Lamar has 6,100 rushing yards through his NFL career despite playing fewer games than Josh Allen as well. So, if you were looking at the raw fantasy points, I am not going to fault you not only for having Lamar in the same tier as the top two quarterbacks, but also I would not fault you for having Lamar Jackson as the QB1 overall. Now, personally, the reason I'm gonna have him down at QB3 in the second tier, which is still very high, still love the dude, is I may just be a tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny bit hesitant on how his game is going to age in comparison to some of these quarterbacks like Josh Allen, like Joe Burrow. Now, of course, again, I want to reiterate 41 passing touchdowns to four interceptions this past season. Lamar Jackson is a great passer of the football. I'm not denying that. But what I believe makes Lamar Jackson elite and one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL and one of the best fantasy quarterbacks we have ever seen is he also has the elite athleticism which causes defenses and defensive coordinators to have to game plan against him completely differently than they would in regular quarterback. And when Lamar gets to 30, 31, 32 years old, I don't know how the efficiency numbers look as a passer if the athleticism takes a small dip down. Now, again, this could be the same argument that you have with Josh Allen, but what I would point out is Josh Allen has missed significantly fewer games than Lamar Jackson, where Lamar Jackson dealt with a significant amount of injuries from 2019 through 2022. So, u I'm a little bit more concerned with Lamar Jackson playing style, but again, I could be 100% wrong and I think it's your personal preference. Going over and looking at Joe Burrow, um it's hard to sit here and say, "Oh, Lamar Jackson misses too many games and then say that's not a concern with Burrow." Um Burrow, crazy passing numbers this past year. The dude almost had 5,000 passing yards and they're running it back. They decided, "Yeah, you know what? Let's give all of our money to two wide receivers and a quarterback and we don't need to have a defense. What we can do as the Cincinnati Bengals is we can try to win football games 49 to 42 and that's a perfect environment for fantasy points. I think Joe Burrow is going to have the game that ages perfectly later on. He doesn't rely as much as athleticism. I think he'll look a little bit more like the Philip Rivers, the Ben Rothllessberger, the Tom Brady, the Drew Brees, those traditional pocket passing quarterbacks where really you've only seen 800 total rushing yards for Burrow through the first six years or five years of his NFL career. Now, again, for that reason, I would expect the points per game to be much lower in comparison to those top rushers, but maybe he does age a little bit better. I'm going over and looking at Jaylen Herz. Um Jaylen Herz, four straight seasons of over 20 fantasy points per game. Again, if you wanted to have Jaylen Herz ahead of Joe Burrow, not gonna fault you for it whatsoever, you have 55 rushing touchdowns through five seasons for Herz in comparison to 12 rushing touchdowns through five seasons for Burough. In the case of Jaylen Herz, it goes back to your personal take and your personal preference with how you think these quarterbacks are going to age. If you think that Jaylen Herz is still going to be able to consistently run the ball in for touchdowns at 30 years old and his game is not going to have to change at all, then hell, he doesn't have any risk and he has more upside than Burrow and put him ahead of him. But I would just be a little bit hesitant to say it because I don't know how many examples we have seen of quarterbacks with that prototype taking that many hits or I mean, hell, this past year he had 150 rushing attempts. the year prior 157, the year before that 165. I don't know how many examples we have of those guys aging gracefully until their late 30s. I'm going over and looking at Patrick Mahomes. Mahomes been bad in fantasy for the past two years. Um Patrick Mahomes 17.5 fantasy points per game two years ago, 17.7 fantasy points per game this past season. And if you're actually looking at the passing attempts, they have come down dramatically. Mahomes back-to-back seasons with fewer than 600 passing attempts. Now, with all that being said, Patrick Mahomes has a career fantasy points per game of 21.7. That is more than Jaylen Herz. That is more than Joe Burrow. That is more than Lamar Jackson. That is more than Jaden Daniels. The only quarterback that we have talked about that has a higher career fantasy points per game than Patrick Mahomes on this list so far is Josh Allen. Now, of course, like I already said, he was bad the past two years. The Chiefs decided to be a rush first offense that won football games by playing good defense and having Mahomes do Mahomes things, particularly at the end of the game. Just because that was the scheme for the Kansas City Chiefs over the past two years with the personnel that they had at the time does not mean we will never get back to seasons where Patrick Mahomes is sitting there with 600 plus pass attempts. That Patrick Mahomes is sitting there with 40 plus passing touchdowns. We've seen it. It's in the range of outcomes. He's the best quarterback in the NFL. He doesn't have the same rushing upside as those other guys, but I would make the argument that honestly he may better than what you're looking at with those other quarterbacks in comparison to Jaylen Herz, etc., etc. And honestly, one of my favorite early round picks is if you're in a superflex draft and you can get Patrick Mahomes as a mid to late second rounder because people are scared off the points per game not being anything special over the past two seasons, I am 100% targeting him there because if you think through this logistically, if Mahomes puts up yet again one of the worst fantasy seasons of his NFL career like he has over the past two years at 17.5 and 17.7 fantasy points per game, If he scores 17 and a half fantasy points per game this next season, where do you think he'll be valued in dynasty startups next off season? Probably as a second or third round startup pick. His value floor is just going to be crazy high because of who he is. Now, I think probably what people are going to begin to get mad at us for is not having Drake May here. We'll talk about Drake May in a second. We're going to go over to Caleb Williams. Now, here are my priors with Caleb verse May. And I know I'm going to be lower on May than most people here. So, just let me throw this out here. Most people viewed Caleb Williams as the better prospect coming into the NFL draft. I would say that there were very, very few people that were ranking Drake May ahead of Caleb Williams really at any point of the process. Caleb Williams goes to Chicago with a dysfunctional coaching staff. Drake May goes to New England with a dysfunctional coaching staff and a horrible supporting cast around him. Caleb Williams puts up 20 passing touchdowns to six interceptions. May puts up 15 passing touchdowns to 10 interceptions. Caleb's up averaging about 15 fantasy points per game. Drake May is averaging about 13.6. Um, it really doesn't matter what you're looking at. Quarterback rating about the same. Fantasy purposes. Caleb is the better fantasy quarterback in year one than Drake May. The prior had Caleb as a better fantasy quarterback than Drake May coming into it. If you look at the change that we've had for both of these teams this off seasonason, while yes, Drake May's situation has improved. They bring in Mike Vabel, they bring in Stefon Diggs, I would make an argument that the Chicago Bears also dramatically improve Caleb Williams' situation where they aggressively improve the offensive line and they bring in Ben Johnson. And I would say that Caleb has Roma Dunce going into year two and DJ Moore is still in his prime. So, in my opinion, Caleb was the better prospect, had the better rookie season, and his situation is a lot better going into year two. And yes, his situation was better in year one, but still, we're not drafting these quarterbacks as hypotheticals. Who's more talented? We're drafting him as who's going to score more fantasy points. I believe that's going to be Caleb for the foreseeable future. Now, going over looking at Justin Herbert. I know this is also going to be very much a hot take. We look at Herbert back-to-back seasons and he's averaged 500 passing attempts a year. And actually, you go back two years ago, he only played 13 games. So really, this past year, you have a career low for Justin Herbert with the passing volume. This new coaching staff with Harbaugh, he he doesn't want to throw the ball. He wants to be rush heavy. He wants to just run the ball over and over and over again. And I will say, of course, if you go over to flockfantasy.com, you can check out the expert average rankings for free. You can look at all the creators that you watch on YouTube where they rank all these guys, and you'll see most of them have Drake May. well ahead of Herbert. So, I'm kind of out and on the island here. My thought process is I think the Los Angeles Chargers situation with Harbaugh going into year two is probably going to be better than it was this past season. Justin Herbert with a career low 16.5 fantasy points per game through five years of his NFL career is still much better than what Drake May showed us last year. And I don't know, frankly, at the end of the day, 19.2 2 fantasy points per game through his NFL career, 137 passing touchdowns to 45 interceptions. I think this is the perfect example of a quarterback that's going to age very well and we have a large sample of him proving that he is a good fantasy quarterback. Um, going over and looking at CJ Shroud. I know people are absolutely going to hate us, hate us, hate us having Straoud ahead of May, but looking at Shroud, I would say that yes, the sophomore year slump was horrible. 13 fantasy points per game. The dude was bad, at least for fantasy purposes. I mean, he still had 20 passing touchdowns, 12 interceptions. But again, if you look at the situation that he had, they go into the year really trying to make the play to improve his wide receiver room. And then you have Tank Dell out for the year. You have Stefon Diggs out for the year, and you have his number one wide receiver, Nico Collins, missing time. Like, let's go ahead and let's look at the wide receivers that CJ Shroud was throwing the ball to last season. And you can make the same exact argument for Drake May. I'm not saying that you can't. Remember, the New England Patriots really made a push to try to bring in absolutely anybody that they could at wide receiver this past year and they end up getting the scraps. They whiff on Godwin. They whiff on Cup. They whiff on Devonte. They end up just getting freaking Stefon Diggs. Um, but anyway, we go through and we look at the most targeted players in Houston. Dolan Schultz was the second leading player on this team in targets. John Mechy had 37 targets. 32-year-old Robert Woods had 30 targets. Xavier Hutchinson at 26, Kate Stove at 22. Like, he had nobody for CJ Stra this past season. Really hoping they get like Ibuka there in the first round. Really hoping that they were able to attach Nico Collins with another wide receiver on the outside for CJ Shout. Made some dramatic changes with the offensive line here this next year. So hopefully that doesn't bite them. And going over looking at Drake May. I mean, I completely understand the thought process and why people have Drake May had a lot of these guys. Dre May flashed in a big-time way. Not only did he flash in a big time way, but at the same time, you're looking at a quarterback that gives you rushing upside. He flashed in a rookie season where he had a horrible situation surrounding him. But again, 6.7 yards per pass attempts, 15 passing touchdowns, and 10 interceptions. I I don't want to sit here and act like Drake May had anything close to the CJ Strad rookie season. I don't want to sit here and act like he had anything close to the Justin Herbert rookie season. He had nice flashes and I'd rather obviously I'd way rather have him over any quarterback in this year's draft class. I'd rather have him over Cam Ward, but I don't see how this New England Patriots situation is that good. I think he's being set up to kind of fail with the supporting cast again this next year. I'd rather have the supporting cast for Justin Herbert, CJ Shroud, Caleb Williams, Patrick Mahomes. Um going over to our next tier, Bick's great rookie season, right? Um, Bo Knicks, maybe the kind of the same concern that you have with Jaden Daniels. Not so much a concern. Just something worth pointing out is Bo Knicks is 25 years old, right? I mean, Bo Knicks played a ridiculous amount of games in college. So, expectations for Bo Nicks coming in was, hey, he should be pro ready. 100% he was pro ready. He had 33 total touchdowns and 12 interceptions. He had 18.7 fantasy points. He actually averaged more fantasy points per game than Patrick Mahomes this past year. Looked phenomenal. The only thing is again I would make an argument that this situation in Denver probably not gonna be great. If you look at this depth chart right now, you have Courtland Sutton, but beyond that, I mean, you are going to have just some absolute bums that he's throwing the ball to, which I mean, he had to deal with this past year, right? It's not like this past this season, he had phen a phenomenal situation. It's much worse. Like, but again, I would rather bet on the quarterbacks with a larger sample. Quarterback's not so much like running back where you just assume that these guys are going to get better as time goes on. Looking at Jordan Love, the issue is very similar to what we talking about some of these other guys, like almost to a greater extent. The Green Bay Packers had Jordan Love throw 425 balls this past year. They were truly an offense that just wanted to run the ball over and over and over again. And you saw the passing volume fall from 4,100 passing yards down to 3,300. Um the interception stayed the same while the passing touchdowns fell from 32 down to 25. Now again, we have a little bit of large sample here where he's averaging 7.5 yards per pass attempt. He has 60 passing touchdowns at 25 interceptions. Like Jordan Love has been a great NFL quarterback. He has the contract. He has the guarantee. Main thing's going to be is can you actually get some improvement when it comes to his supporting cast. I'm looking at Kyler Murray. 17.5 fantasy points per game. He's actually up at 19.6 career fantasy points per game. This is going to be higher than Jordan Love. It's going to be higher than Bo Knicks, higher than Drake May, higher than CJ Shroud, um higher than Justin Herbert, higher than Caleb Williams, lower than Mahomes, but higher than Jaylen Herz, which is just absolutely crazy to say. Obviously, Herd's had some games in his rookie season that kind of dilute some things, but regardless, Kyler Murray's fantasy points per game have been great. A lot of this is due to the rushing that we've seen throughout his NFL career, but a lot of that rushing slash issues with his size have made it where Kyler is, in my opinion, a concern for how he is going to age later in his NFL career. If you include this with the fact that Kyler Murray really has not had much NFL success so far, not necessarily holding too much of that against him. Obviously, the Arizona Cardinals haven't put the best supporting cast around him. But with a quarterback with a 36 and 45 record, again, not using that to evaluate quarterbacks for fantasy football purposes. But, however, for NFL job security purposes, I don't know if you can look at Kyler Murray and say that maybe he has the same level of job security that you're going to look at with a quarterback such as Justin Herbert, with a quarterback such as Patrick Mahomes, right? Like, if you told me that Kyler Murray was not a starting quarterback in 2028, that wouldn't be the most surprising thing in the world. But a lot of this hinges on is Marvin Harrison Jr. gonna be better this next season and can you actually get Kyler Murray a weapon that's not Trey McBride. I'm going over looking at Brock Party. A lot of conversation this offseason around the Brock Party contract, whether he deserves it, whether he doesn't. If Brock Purdy gets a contract where he's just an absolute guaranteed starting quarterback for the Niners for the next three years, I would say that you probably have to move him up just given the fact that the Niners have been able to consistently surround their quarterbacks with some of the best personnel in the NFL. Um, looking at the reliance on the rushing, you actually do get Perty up at 323 rushing yards this past season, which is much higher than what we had in 2023. So, he is running the ball just a little bit more here. But again, the efficiency kind of fell off the cliff. I mean, you actually have about a 105 passer rating for his NFL career. However, that was down at 96 in 2024, but he'd had offensive line injuries and every single one of his wide receivers was injured as well, plus CMC. Um, Baker Mayfield, best year of his NFL career this past season. 41 passing touchdowns to 16 interceptions. And this is in a year in which Godwin goes down for the season. Mike Evans deals with injuries later on. If you remember, Baker Mayfield before the Godwin injury was, I believe, the quarterback too in fantasy. They bring back Godwin. Evans maybe has another year or two in him. So, you're looking to try to run it back. I would say that is probably a historical outlier compared to the rest of the years in his NFL career, right? I would imagine that you maybe get a little bit closer to that 161 17 fantasy points per game which were his second and third best seasons of his NFL career dating back to 2018 in comparison to the 21 and a half fantasy points per game. I'm going over and looking at Jared Goff. Big issue with Goff of course is just zero rushing upside whatsoever is going to cap his ceiling in terms of what he can do in the short term in fantasy. maybe make an argument that he's gonna age nicely just given the fact that he isn't relying on that athleticism because it's never existed and never will exist. And Goff does put up the second best year of his NFL career this past year, the best season of his NFL career as a Detroit Lion. What's actually really crazy is I didn't realize that Goff's go already going into his fifth year as a Lion and he's improved every single season. He's gone from 13.9 to 16.7 to 17 to 19.1 fantasy points per game. But you are missing out on Ben Johnson going over to Chicago. So that will be something to keep your eye on. Looking at Michael Penn. Very difficult to know what to expect. Um I actually loved and if you all remember we are higher on Michael Penn in rookie drafts last off season. The reason was is we looked at the soral data and we said every single instance of a quarterback being drafted this high in the NFL, they were starting by at least year two. They got the shot to start. And Trey Lance, of course, got the shot, then went down for the season. A lot of people were saying, "Okay, look at the Kirk Cousins contract situation. There's no way that he is going to be a starter." Well, no. Now, Michael Pennix is a starter, and this is exactly what we are excited about, and this is exactly why we are so high on him in comparison to the market last year. Um, he's stepping into a pretty damn good situation with both the combination of Drake London as well as Bejon. Um hopefully they are able to actually take another wide receiver in the NFL draft here. Getting a wide receiver too um not named Arnold Mooney I think would be impressive. I think Mooney is maybe a little bit better profiled as a wide receiver three. Going over and looking at Dak Prescott, we've had rumors as of late with Dak being traded to the Cleveland Browns. If that were to happen, RIP that that'd be just a complete disaster. But as it stands now, he has CD Lamb. Um, besides 2024, 2024 fantasy points per game looked very ugly at 14.6. But before that, super consistent. I mean, the prior six years, five of those season he was at 20 fantasy points per game or more. Career average of 18.7 fantasy points per contest. And it's not like Dak Prescott's a super old quarterback either. While he was drafted back in 2016, he was young in that draft class. He's only going to be playing in his age 32 season. So, I think you can get another three, four, five years out of Dak. Um, going over and looking at Trevor Lawrence, Lawrence had the quote unquote breakout in year two, and it's gotten worse every year since. You're looking at 69 passing touchdowns to 46 interceptions to his NFL career. If you're looking at what sports books are actually projecting out for the Jacksonville Jaguars, they are currently sitting with six and a half wins for their projected win total. um not super encouraging, of course. Now, with that being said, um you have the change with the coaching staff. You saw how damn good Baker Mayfield was this past season. So, maybe that can kind of transition over here for Trevor Lawrence. You have arguably the best wide receiver he's ever played with with Brian Thomas. Maybe they bring in another wide receiver too now that they have it's it's going to get ugly. At least in my mind in Jacksonville, I think you can say that a couple of these quarterbacks are just going down the bust path. Like looking at Bryce Young, well 100% I agree. Bryce Young was much better in year two than he was in year one. Specifically the second half of year two when he came back from getting benched for Andy Dalton, Bryce Young was much better than he was at any point through his entire NFL career. Now, with that being said, if you look at Bryce Young, he has averaged 5.8 adjusted yards per pass attempts. 5.8 adjusted yards per pass attempt in his NFL career so far. If I'm going to go through and look at the quarterback's last season to average 5.8 or fewer adjusted yards per pass attempt, you had Anthony Richardson may not be a starter this next year. Daniel Jones may may not be a starter this next. One of them's going to start. M. Jones not a starter this next year. Gardam Mincchu not a starter this next year. Then Bryce Young, Will Levice, not a starter this next year. Cooper Rush not a starter this next year. Jameus Winston not a starter this next year. So out of the one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, the bottom eight quarterbacks in adjusted yards per pass attempt this past season, really Bryce Young is the only guy you can say is going to be a starting quarterback. Right above that, you have Drake May in his rookie year. But again, those guys like Drake May, Caleb Williams, you can cut him some slack, right? Just like you could do with Bryce Young in 2023. This year in 2023, the only quarterbacks that were close to him in adjusted yards per pass attempt were M. Jones, Joshua Dos, Sam How, Zack Wilson, Kenny Picket, Aiden Okonnell, none of those quarterbacks are start starters anymore. So even if Bryce Young has gotten better, Bryce Young has gone from the worst quarterback in the NFL to a very bad quarterback. That's improvement, don't get me wrong, but he is still in a situation in which he's kind of set up to fail this next season. I he doesn't have much rushing upside, so I I don't know. I'm not too excited. Um Tua is in a spot where you have a declining Tyreek a Waddle at this point looks close to a one-year wonder and you have the concussion concerns. I mean, everything's falling apart Miami. Maybe he can get back to the 17.8 fantasy points per game he had back in 2022. But again, two is only at 15.6 six fantasy points per game through his NFL career, primarily because he's not going to run the ball at all. Um, looking at Sam Darnold's Darnold great this past season, by far and away the best year of his NFL career. Um, previous to this past season, let me get out my little calculator here because so far in his NFL career, he's sitting with 98 passing touchdowns to 68 interceptions. Um, so if we remove this past year, he was sitting at 63 passing touchdowns to 51 interceptions. Horrible, right? a quarterback that you would assume is not going to be an NFL starter going into the future, but great year in Minnesota. However, you have Justin Jefferson, you have Kevin Oonnell, you have Jordan Madison, you have T.J. Hawinson at the end of the year. Going over to Seattle now, you have JSN. That's it. Now, I don't want to sit here and talk bad about JSN, but JSN's a lot closer to Jordan Addison than he is Justin Jefferson. The wide receiver too in Seattle can't sniff Jordan Addison. You say the same thing about the tight end Seattle and I would say the same thing about the coaching staff. I think Kevin Oonnell is one of the best coaches that you could ever ask for for fantasy football purposes. So Darnold good year this past year but historically large sample of him being disappointing and maybe the situation just kind of saved him. We don't particularly know. Um going ahead and looking at what we have with Justin Fields. Um, if you actually look at the homepage of flockfantasy.com, you'll see like Fields one of the biggest risers. And Fields 100% crushed free for agency. Like, don't get me wrong, y'all know I'm not a big Justin Fields guy, but Justin Fields is set up to now be a starting quarterback, which didn't look like that was going to be the case, at least in my opinion, a couple months back. He's a starting quarterback and he has Garrett Wilson, Ree Hall, and rushing upside. The dude three years ago had over,00 rushing yards. So, Fields again could be a horrible real life quarterback and could be great in fantasy. I mean, 15.4 fantasy points per game through his NFL career. That's about the same as Tua, and he's probably a starter for this next year. Um, I I honestly probably assume Justin Fields is not a starter in 2026. I would bet money is not a starter in 2027, but you have rushing upside for this season. Um, Gino Smith, I don't necessarily know how excited we can be. If you actually look at Las Vegas win totals, again, you actually have Raiders, the Raiders projected out to be one of the worst teams in the NFL this next year. You have Brock Bowers, no wide receivers. While at the same time, you really don't have much rushing upside with Gino. Um, looking at Anthony Rristston, you have all the rushing upside in the world, but you have 11 passing touchdowns in his NFL career to 13 interceptions. Like, let's go back and let's look at his adjusted yards per pass attempt. And let's compare this to all the NFL's quarterbacks that we have had over the past two seasons. like all these guys that are this bad, they end up getting benched. They're not starters in the long haul. So, his adjusted yards per pass attempts at 5.82 for his NFL career. Again, the quarterbacks in 2023 that were 5.82 or lower, Zack Wilson, Sam How, Joshua Dobs, M. Jones, Bryce Young. Bryce Young is the only guy still starting. Um, going ahead and looking at 2024, 5.82 adjusted yards per pass attempt or lower, you have Anthony Worston again, and maybe, maybe not. Um, Daniel Jones, maybe, maybe not. One of them are going to start M. Jones, Gardam Mincchu, and that's it. Gardu, Mac Jones aren't charters. So, AR has rushing upside, but again, issue is going to be that he's just been so damn bad. Um, Matthew Stafford, I think you're getting like a one-year rental that I don't know if you can start. Like, I I it'd be hard to say that we know for certain that Matthew Stafford, even with his contract, is for sure not going to retire in 2026. And at the same time, because he has no rushing upside, you just have to have crazy passing volume for him to be viable in fantasy. Like over the past three years, you're looking at 12, 16, and 13 fantasy points per game. That's not really somebody that's moving the needle. Um Derek Carr not moving the needle now. Never. I mean, he's averaged over the past four seasons, fewer than 15 fantasy points per game. Russell Wilson, yeah, he's probably a starter now and he has neighbors, but again, probably not moving the needle. over the past four seasons, he's averaged about 16 and a half fantasy points per game. And then um Daniel Jones somehow gets a decent little contract with Indianapolis. Maybe he ends up being the starter. We'll see. But I think that's all I got for you. Please let me know in the comments section why these rankings are so bad and how I should fix them. But of course, if you want to check out all the rankings, um all my rankings are on fogfantasy.com and check out the average expert rankings for all your favorite creators on the site for completely free. I'll leave that link in the description and comment section for you.
