Title: Top 24 Dynasty Rookie Rankings & Tiers

The suits on, so you know we mean business. We're going to dive into our top 24 dynasty rookie rankings. We'll talk about one quarterback rankings at the end of this, but it's not like this is a great quarterback class. Anyway, don't want to waste too much time at the very top. We have all heard the ridiculous stats of Ashton Genty. Yes, yards after contact, something that we've never seen before. Really, the only thing to discuss is where do you rank him alongside Bejian and Gibbs? At the very beginning of the off season, I put the 101 right in between Gibbs and Bejon in our dynasty rankings. People lost their minds. And again, I stand by Ashen Genty should be valued the same as Bejan and Jamir Gibbs today. Now, I don't need to go through those stats that you've heard a bajillion times with his yards after contact, but one thing that I think is almost underdised when it comes to Ashen Genty. And all you have to do is literally go over to Chad GBT and goes, "How many receiving yards did Ashen Genty have in 2023?" Let's read the response. In the 2023 college football season, Boise State running back Ashen Genty recorded 569 receiving yards, leading all running backs nationally in this category. Ashton Genty two years ago led all of college football in receiving yards for running backs. Insane. Then he follows up and they go, "Yeah, I guess if you're going to average seven yards per carry, we don't even need to try to get creative. We don't need to throw you the ball out of the backfield." I would say that the only running back prospects that I've ever seen that are better than Ashen Genty, obviously Saquon. Um, I'd say Zeke was as well, and I think he's right there with Bejon. Looking at where he's going to go in the NFL draft. Um, I know everybody is saying he's going to go to the Raiders at six. Definite possibility. If he doesn't go to the Raiders at six, hell, I'd be very surprised if he makes it past the Bears at 10. And if he makes it past the Bears at 10, there's no way he's making it past the Dallas Cowboys at 12. Any of those spots, I think he's immediately a top three running back in dynasty. Now, a big change that we've had over the past few months is Amario Hampton, not only as the second player off the board, but also in his own tier. If you would have looked at my rankings on the site, which obviously all my rankings are always on flockfantasy.com, if you'd have looked at those two months ago when we initially posted them, you would have saw that I had T McMillan up at two in the same tier with Hampton. But since then, you had Hampton go to the NFL combine, absolutely crush. Again, I am not a massive massive combine guy and going, "Oh my gosh, you run 10% better than the next guy. You're going to be 10% better in fantasy football." No, a lot of it's can you hit these minimum thresholds. Do I have to knock you off our board because you're not big enough? You're not athletic enough. Once you hit those minimum thresholds, you're pretty cool. And we're really just going to be looking at where the NFL draft capital lands. And with the draft capital, if you look at NFL mock draft database, looks like Hampton's almost guaranteed to be a round one NFL draft pick at this point. So, I wanted to go over to the prospects page on flockfantasy.com. And we are about to load up the Rascores now that we have all the proday information here for these guys as well, so you can get a much better idea of exactly how you should be viewing players like Hampton. But if we go back since 2016 and look at players that had 140 plus total yards per game and get round one NFL draft capital, those guys are Saquon Barkley, Leonard Fornette, Ezekiel Elliott, Christian McAffrey, Bejian Robinson, Ashton Genty, Naji Harris, and Amarian Hampton. He is immediately I mean I want to say a top six dynasty running back when he gets that round one NFL draft capital. Let me pull up the rankings on the site real quick just so I can maybe give you a better sense. And obviously right after the NFL draft we are going to be actually putting the rookie rankings into the startup rankings so you can get a much better sense of everything as well. Um but anyway I would say that Hampton goes round one. I'd rather have him over Bucky Irving. I think he's right alongside I'd rather have him over Bree Hall if he goes round one. I think he's right alongside Barkley and Ahan as a top five running back in Dynasty at that point. Now going over looking at what we have with Tech McMillan, he was in the second tier with Hampton at the beginning of the offseason for me. However, back then it looked like he was going to be a top 10 NFL draft pick based off all the trends that we've been seeing as of late. Um doesn't look as guaranteed that that's going to be the case now. Looks like McMillan maybe is going to go in the middle of round one. I know a lot of people are saying Matthew Golden's actually gonna be the guy that is the first wide receiver off the board. Not a super big deal. If you look at McMillan, the dominance is striking very simply with counting stats. Like all you have to do is look up who had the most receiving yards on this team last year and go T McMillan with 1300. Who is the second leading receiver? Chris Hunter with 323 receiving yards. McMillan averaged 110 receiving yards and the next best receiver was at 27. Absolute dominance in a way that you very rarely ever see. You can look at his career numbers and they look fine as well. If you look at round one NFL picks that had more than 0.1 career first downs per route run and all this is on the side of course and lower than 2.5 career yards per route run. you are looking at a list of Drake London, Ted McMillan, Roma Dunay, Travis Hunter, Nquila Harry, Johan Dotsson, and Calvin Ridley. So, of course, they're not all massive smashes, and that's why he's not going to be in that same tier with Hampton for me, but you do have a very high-end range of outcomes, especially with that London comp, which everybody wants to point to because the size. Now, let's go over and let's look at Cam Ward. Cam Ward looks to be at this point pretty much a lock to be the number one NFL draft pick. Uh there's not too much to discuss. You have the guaranteed starting job for the next two to three seasons. Obviously upside to just skyrocketing dynasty value if you really flash anything. Um I know he's had 12 rushing touchdowns over the past two years, but I'm not a super big believer in the rushing upside where you only have 200 rushing yards this past year at Miami. So um I don't necessarily know what the true ceiling is going to be here from a fantasy football perspective with Cam Ward. In my opinion, it's almost impossible to evaluate these guys as prospects specifically at quarterback. So again, y'all know what I've done for years and years and years. Just throw my hands in the air and admit, hell, NFL teams can very rarely get this stuff right when it comes to the quarterback position because there are so many different measurables that you have to be looking at. So what I focus in on is NFL draft capital, which nine times out of 10 will tell us the job security of the quarterback besides Tre Lance. rushing upside, which will tell us if that quarterback is starting. Are they actually putting up fantasy points? And then on top of that, the situation that they're stepping into, because if you're stepping into a Niner situation like Brock Pury, where you're surrounded by the best weapons and a great offensive line with a great coaching staff, you are naturally going to be able to find success. Cam Moore don't love the rushing upside. It's okay, but just don't love it. I don't love the situation he's stepping into, but he does get the number one overall pick draft capital. Now, going over to Travis Hunter, obviously this is pretty much impossible to rank him. Um, if you looked at my rankings at the beginning of the offseason, we actually had him a lot lower than this because um, who I was listening to, they were saying that Hunter was more likely than not going to end up playing defensive back and he was maybe going to see 30% of the offensive snaps. However, I am seeing more and more people talk about Travis Hunter actually just playing wide receiver. I actually tweeted this out last week where we just pointed out if you look at the top 10 contracts for combined wide receivers and corners, the top nine of them are all receivers. Wide receivers get paid more than corner at the NFL level. And if everybody is saying that Travis Hunter could be the best at either position he decided to play, if I was Travis Hunter, if I was his agent, I'd very much want to be playing the wide receiver position. And if we go ahead and if we look at wide receivers that were top 10 NFL draft picks that had more than 0.1 career first downs per route run, you are looking at a list of Drake London, T McMillan, Roman Dunay, Travis Hunter. But again, this is very misleading. And if you actually wanted to contextualize Travis Hunter's production, this is a player that only played in four and five, three, four, and five wide receiver sets. However, he was still able to lead his team in receptions, receiving guards while playing every snap on the defensive side of the ball. Clearly, he's the number one wide receiver prospect in this class. And I would say that he is in the same tier with Ashen Genty, and he would be the 102. if we got the confirmation that he was wide receiver right now. It's just very difficult to rank him there when we just frankly don't know if he will be startable in fantasy depending on where he plays. Now let's go ahead and let's look at Igbuka. Now the conversation here, I know the FSE guys are really all in on him because they're saying that he can be more than just an inside guy. He can play on the outside, too. He's not going to be regulated to just slot duties. And frankly, I don't give a damn. If you think back of every wide receiver prospect that has come out over the past five years where they have told us, okay, he's a slot wide receiver and he gets drafted in round one. How many of those guys failed for fantasy football purposes? The only guy I can think of that was close to a round one pick that we were told, oh, he's an inside guy, blah, blah, blah. Elijah Moore. That's it. And what's actually funny is we went through and we looked at wide receivers that were selected between picks 20 and 40 that had higher than 0.12 career first downs per route run. And the list is Elijah Moore, Tigans, JSN, Hollywood Brown, Igbuka, Baitman, Lad Mani. But again, I would say guys like Elijah Moore. I would say somebody like Baitman as well. And throw in Hollywood Brown. They're not solid comps because Ibuka had this type of production with the toughest competition in college football. He's never the wide receiver one on his own team. You had to play with Jeremiah Smith, you had to play with Jackson Smith and Jigba, you had to play with Gary Wilson, you had to play with Chris. What are you expecting from the dude? So realistically, if he gets round one NFL draft capital, I don't I don't care if people are making an argument, oh, he's an inside guy, he's an outside guy, he can do both. Because I want him to be an inside guy. I want you to be lad mcconi. I want you to be better for fantasy football than you are for real life. The exact opposite of what I want is Matthew Golden where they're saying, "Oh, his speed, he's going to be stretching NFL defenses." Cool. You go high in the NFL draft, but you're not helping my fantasy team. Ibuka may be actually doing the things and have the job that's going to move the needle in fantasy football. Now, let's go ahead and let's look at Trayvon Henderson. So, Henderson right now looks like he is going to be a round two pick. Of course, you go round one, you're jumping dramatically in these rankings, right? You fall to round three, you're going to slide down a bit. And obviously, we're going to have to update everything with landing spots, too. But we are looking at a committee back that splits with Judkins. Judkins is going to be right after this as well, where Henderson's a little bit more of the receiving back where Trayvon Henderson does see 284 receiving yards in comparison to Judkins at 161. We see Henderson be the more efficient running back with 7.1 yards per carry in comparison to Judkins at 5.5. Now, the argument, I know I've heard the guys at FSE talk about this. BCH is very much in on Judkins is Judkins was getting the carries where he had to do the dirty work. He's working on the inside. Henderson gets to go on the outside. Naturally, those are going to be the touches that are more efficient. Right? You think back, and I know it may not be a good comp now because they're much older, but you think way back in the day when you had Ezekiel Elliott and Tony Per together. Naturally, it makes sense, right, that on a per touch basis, Tony Pard is going to be more efficient than Zeke based off the touches that they are getting in the offense and what they are being set up to do. I think that's kind of the situation here. So, I view them in the same tier. I wouldn't be super surprised if either guy goes higher in the NFL draft. But, if Henderson's going to have the role as a receiver, that's more valuable for fantasy purposes in particular, especially in PPR leagues. And if you go ahead and if you just take a peek at round two running backs that actually had an elusive rating around 90 and had more than 20 receiving yards per game since 2016, you're looking at DeAndre Swift, Dvin Cook, um Hampton. Hampton may go round one though. Joe Mixon, Cam Acres, Zack Sharpet, and Trayvon Trayvon Henderson. Now, on the Jetkin side of things, if we look at running backs that had higher than 30% of their career touches being first downs and fewer than 25 receiving yards per game, you're looking at DeAndre Swift, Jonathan Taylor, Kenneth Walker, Derrick Henry, Judkins, JK Dobbins, Darius Gis, and James Cook. So, both great comps. Again, this is a phenomenal running back draft class, and you definitely want to be hammering running backs where we can, at least inside the top five RBs. We'll talk about the later round guys in a second. Um, probably the biggest loser so far this off seasonason has been Luther Burton where if you remember when we've initially started talking about these rookies, a lot of people penciled in Burton guaranteed round one NFL draft pick and that he was the wide receiver two right behind McMillan assuming that Travis Hunter wasn't going to be playing wide receiver. Since then, combine wasn't as impressive as people wanted it to be. we have uh some off-hand conversations. So Burden may actually be falling to round two. And if you take a second look at his analytical profile, it's not phenomenal, right? Like you can actually see that Luther Burton had fewer than 0.1 career first downs per route run. Lower than 2.5 career yards per route run. Now he was an early breakout. you go back and you actually look at his 2023 stats obviously being much better with,200 receiving yards in comparison to what he had in 2024 with about 676 and I know a lot of people are also talking about Luther Burton maybe seeing more of those manufactured touches right those screens around the line of scrimmage but if you get a sense of the receivers that had a similar profile coming out that were drafted between picks 20 and 40 since 2016 you had guys like Worthy DJ Moore Laquan Treadwell and Safe Flowers If he ends up getting round two NFL draft capital and you have all these running backs also going in round two as well, I may end up actually putting Caleb Johnson ahead of him. Um Caleb Johnson obviously not a phenomenal NFL combine, but again, he hits the minimum thresholds. We're not ranking these guys based off their combine performances. We're just making sure that they are going to be um quoteunquote good enough, athletic enough at the NFL combine. Um, unless you want to be an outlier like Kairen Williams. And if we look at Caleb Johnson, his combine's probably going to make it where he's not a round one NFL draft picker. At least that's what we're seeing with the NFL mock draft database at the moment. But if he does get that round two draft capital, uh, the comps are pretty damn good. Now, the main concern that you're going to have is since 2016, he will be by far and away the least efficient running back with that round two draft capital we've seen. He had 0.23 two, three career first downs per touch. It's on the prospects page on flockfantasy.com. Looking at the running backs that went in round two that were slightly better than him in this category. The second worst running back in this category is AJ Dylan. The third worst was Cam Acres. The fourth worst was my Sanders. But then you had Bree Hall Nick Chub, right? However, if we're going to go ahead, if we're going to look at the third round picks that were this inefficient, the hit rate is significantly lowered. Third round picks that had fewer than 30% career touches being first downs. Royce Freeman massive with Darington Evans, Keshan Vaughn, Montgomery is the only hit on this list. Um, Kenyan Drake, Trey Benson, Tyrion Davis Price, Tank Bsby, Devin Neil, Olly Gordon, and Condre Miller. Now, two of those running backs may not go round three, but we'll see. That's what's currently projected on our site. If we look at Caleb Johnson, I will say obviously prototypical workhorse. 12 games, the dude had 128 rushing yards per game. Also does get some involvement as a receiver through those 12 games. Almost has 200 receiving yards, but is third in his offense with receiving production, right? It's just very much a low volume passing attack. So, the receiving production is fine. He looks like a wor workhorse. Not super super athletic, inefficient offense. Um, but I really want to see him go round two. I think round two will really cement him in this tier. Round three be a little bit tougher if you're looking at historical comps. Now, Shadur Sanders is very difficult to look at. Again, I want to step back and I want to remind y'all my quarterback process specifically for dynasty fantasy football. I am not going to sit here and try to pretend that I am one day going to be an NFL scout and an NFL general manager. If I was a general manager, that franchise would be the next Browns. It'd be the next New York Jets. It'd be the next dumpster fire team that doesn't do anything for 30 years. So what I do with these quarterbacks, draft capital indicating job security, rushing upside indicating fantasy football upside and situation they're stepping into that can possibly give them that Brock party type ascension based off the supporting cast. Shorter Sanders, if he goes inside the top three picks, if he goes to the Browns, if he goes to the Giants, he will get that NFL draft capital which guarantees him job security. If he goes to the Browns, the situation's going to be disgusting. Think about every quarterback we've ever seen step into Cleveland and what they've been able to do. Nothing. At some point, you have to admit it's an organizational issue that stems from the very top. And also, you're stepping into a situation where cool, you got Jerry Judy. Then you look at the rushing upside and you go, "Okay, well, the past two years at Colorado had negative 127 rushing yards." Now, again, sacks are accounted for negative rushing yards, but nonetheless, what this dude's going to have 100 rushing yards, 200 rushing yards in a season at the NFL level. So, you don't have the rushing. At the same time, the situation's probably going to be pretty bad. You like him to go to the Giants. It may not start year one, but at least you get neighbors in that instance. But at the end of the day, we also don't even know if the draft capital is guaranteed. It's not like he has been selected inside the top three picks yet. This could be a Will Levis type situation where everybody's penciling him out to be that top five NFL draft pick and then if he slides, he may just keep on going down the board. Now, let's move over to Matthew Golden. I I should have worn our Texas hat because I know that this takes probably going to get us some hate here. We said at the very beginning of the off seasonason that if Matthew Golden is a round one NFL draft pick, he's probably not going to return value for wherever he goes in dynasty rookie drafts in particular. Matthew Golden goes out and he absolutely crushes the NFL combine. He is the winner of the NFL combine. And it wouldn't be surprising at all if you actually end up seeing Matthew Golden be the number one rookie wide receiver off the board. You can go back and we can look at recent drafts where you've had that wide receiver that can stretch NFL defenses with speed that nobody ever expected, even the team that drafted him to lead that wide receiver class in receptions, receiving yards, receiving touchdowns. He goes off the board as the first receiver. Go look at Henry Rugs versus CD Lamb, right? Even if you asked the Raiders back then, hey, do you think Henry Rugs is gonna lead this wide receiver rookie class in fantasy football points? They'd probably say no. They'd say, that's not why we drafted him. We drafted him so we can keep two safeties back. He can create space underneath for our other guys and he can help our own game. I I think you could very easily see the Dallas Cowboys go out there and take Matthew Golden for those reasons, for his athleticism. But if you look at actually what matters for fantasy football purposes, this dude was never productive. Now, I've already heard the stories. I've already heard, "Oh, um, Quinn Yurs is the worst college football quarterback ever. Matthew Golden was always open. If he had a quarterback that was somewhat competent, he would have just absolutely balled out. He would have been putting up those T McMillan type numbers. My thing with Matthew Golden is you go back to his time at Houston, he wasn't productive. Then you go to Matthew Golden and you look at his 16 games in comparison to another player in this draft class, not Isaiah Bonds, not the other receiver, but in comparison to the tight end that nobody in their mom's ever going to talk about with Gunnar Helm is 58 receptions versus 60. Now again, you can blame it on, oh, he's the deep ball specialist. Quinn Yurs doesn't have the deep ball. But again, nine times out of ten, you want to be betting on the player that's going to be able to profile to see volume. And those guys see volume in college. If we go ahead and if we look at receivers that were round one NFL draft picks that had a career yards per route run under 2.3 a career first downs per route run under 0.1 and yards per game under 90 you had Ricky Pierol Jaylen Rager DJ Moore Xavier Worthy Henry Rugs Laquan Treadwell. So you have one hit on this list with DJ Moore who I believe has produced one wide receiver one season. Xavier Worthy with upside. We will see what Worthy does. Jaylen Raer, Henry Rugs, Laquan Treadwell is massive bust and Ricky Pierall kind of as a wild card. The analytical profile is very very bad for Matthew Golden. I will probably be avoiding him and let letting a film guy take him. I I think he can be a good NFL wide receiver and at the same time not a great fantasy option because the way he profiles. Now, looking at the two tight ends, uh, they look great. Loveland and Warren are both going to get round one NFL draft capital. I think, honestly, I'm just going to take whoever gets the better landing spot. I don't even think it matters who goes ahead of one another in the draft itself. Um, you look at Loveland, he leads his team with 582 receiving yards. The next best player is Tyler Morris at 248, who actually played another game. So, Loveland over doubled the next leading receiver in his offense. Now, of course, super low volume offense. That is worth saying. And you go look at Tyler Warren. Tyler Warren dominated as well. Now, much better passing offense. Actually gets 16 games and over 100 receptions. So, both the options are great. Tyler Warren's probably going to go higher in the NFL draft. I'm probably just going to end up taking whoever gets the better landing spot. Now, let's move over to Cam Scataboo. If you had the top level athleticism, guaranteeing Scataboo a round one NFL draft pick, he would be up there probably right alongside Travis Hunter in these rankings based off the production profile. The production's absolutely insane. But again, a lot of times wide receiver, you can just go all in on the production profile. Running back, it's harder to do that specifically with these prospects. But I mean, looking at what he was able to do both as a rusher and a receiver, 1,700 rushing yards. And what's almost more impressive is he has 605 receiving yards. He was second in his offense in receiving. The man had almost 2400 total yards. Now, he has the size to be a three- down workhorse. He has the receiving skill set to play on third downs. The main question is, is he going to have the athleticism for big plays? And is that going to limit his NFL draft capital? Right now, what we're projecting out is for him to be a third round NFL draft pick. And if you look at the historical comps, there are some third round picks here that are just absolute massive hits. Specifically, these guys that are great wide receivers, right? If we were looking at guys that had over 30% of their career touches being first downs that averaged over 25 receiving yards per game and were third round NFL draft picks, we do have some bust. If y'all remember way back in the day, CJ Proise was the dynasty darling that turned out to be nothing. We had Zack Moss who had two good games for the Indianapolis Colts. We had Rashad White who I guess maybe could have been okay if the Bucks didn't draft the next Saquon Barkley with Bucky Irving. But all jokes aside, I mean, you had Alvin Kamar and Kareem Hunt with this profile. If Scataboo can turn into that ex Kareem Hunt, I think 100% he is a great second round target. I don't necessarily think anybody thinks that's a hot take. I'm going ahead and looking at Jaden Higgins. This is a receiver that um I wasn't initially in on and I still do have my questions. I think if you're going to be drafting Higgins aggressively, um you have to be a believer in Jaylen Null as well because those are the two wide receivers that absolutely dominated with the market share numbers here with this offense. You had about 1,200 receiving yards for both guys and the next leading receiver on the team is the tight end with about 300. Um he should more likely than not be a day two pick. Be very surprised if he goes round one. Be very surprised if he falls to day three. Um indecent analytical profile of course outside of the other receiver in this offense getting a decent amount of production. Um he had more than 0.1 career first downs per route run. He had fewer than 2.5 career yards per out run, but he had more than 80 receiving yards a game. And if we look at that kind of profile, um, you have Terrence Marshall, Jaylen McMillan, Denzel Mims, Malachi Corley, Rasheed Rice on this list, great name. Dami Brown, Rashrepo, Courtland Sutton, Josh DS. So, um, this is kind of the range that you would expect, right? We're in the second round, so you are looking at dramatically lower expected hit rates. Um, looking at Jackson Dart, if he ends up getting ground one in a foot draft capital, I'd probably move him over Higgins for sure. um he is getting steam as potentially a round one NFL pick. Um looking at what he's been able to do over the past three years at Old Miss, he's been running the ball some, right? I mean, this is a quarterback that does have, I want to say, 1500 total rushing yards over the past three seasons. And again, if you are looking at quarterback statistics, they are going to count sacks as negative rushing yards. Now, we can talk about Tudin. This is the absolute winner of the NFL combine. Obviously, everybody moved them up their rankings afterwards. And again, I want to reiterate, if you look at the historical data, at least in my opinion and how I interpret it, it's the NFL combine is going to be valuable specifically for dynasty managers to identify outliers that probably can't hit because they don't hit certain minimum thresholds, right? So, again, going back and looking at like the Kairen Williams, the Isaiah Spillers of the world, where Kirn actually was the only guy that hit when he was that small and that slow. But typically that's how you're using it. You're looking at Isaiah Spiller and going, "Oh, okay. We really like this guy before the combine, but he just doesn't have the juice to get it done. We can take him off our board." But Tuton crushes, arguably the top athlete there, at least at the running back position. But again, now probably locks him into being a day two pick. And if you look at um day two running backs with the Rasore over eight that had fewer than 29% of their career touches being first downs, it's not like this list is great. You have Royce Freeman, Darington Evans, AJ Dylan, Cam Acres, Trey Benson, Miles Sanders, Tank Bixsby. You go ahead and you look at um the receiving production, he was seventh on his team in receiving yards this past year. So, it's not like he's going to be a great pass catcher either. So, um I would definitely weigh Scaboo. Going over and looking at Dylan Samson, not going to be going round two, not going to be going round one. You're looking at a round three, round four. or if he falls around 5, six, seven, I would be a definitely more concerned. But just kind of whatever running back. I think this is the range of RB that you're really just looking at landing spot and you're hoping that they can get a path to maybe getting a spot, start improving themselves. Um, a little more efficient. You're looking at a running back that had more than 100 rushing yards a game, fewer than 20 receiving yards a game, but had more than 30% of his career touches leading to first downs. And on that list we have Chuba Hubard, Yant Foreman, Treyce Surman, Taji Spears, James Connor, Blake Corm, Devon Achan, as well as Devin Singleary if he does end up going rounds three or four. And the receiving here not great again. So I don't think you can really comp him to Achan. I don't even think you could comp him to James Connor because again, James Connor was just such a unique prospect getting collagen cancer. I think he definitely comps more like Trey Surman to be completely honest. Um, he was the sixth leading receiver in his offense. I'm going over to DJ Giddens. If he actually gets the draft capital that these other guys don't, I'd be a little more in on him because he has the efficiency and also he's a little bit of a better receiver here. He's actually third in his offense in receiving yards this past season. The historical comps are Han Stevenson, Henderson, Taja Spear, Zack Moss, Cream Hunt. If he does end up being a round three or round four pick, but I do want to see that NFL draft capital. Going ahead and looking at Trey Harris, obviously the production profile is going to pop off the page. If I was just ranking these guys off the numbers and the prospect model, Trey Harris would be higher than this. I think his yards per out run this past season were over five. Um, I'm going to be looking at career yards per out run here personally, which is about three for him, which is still a very good mark at Old Miss, don't get me wrong. But again, we met with FSE guys to talk about them, and they said on the film, Harris is exclusively playing far outside, running routes that's really not going to be translatable to the NFL level. So, I do think you have to give a slight discount to the production profile we're looking at. But if he is indeed a day two pick, which according to NFL mockdraft database, it looks likely right now they was a round two pick, not just a day two pick, he has some pretty good historical comps. I mean, he's right next to like AJ Brown, another Miss receiver. Now again, AJ Brown definitely a unique case I'd make an argument for. Brown came out three years after Old Miss. Trey Harris, an extremely old prospect. Um, Cooper Cup an extremely old prospect. Maybe that's a little bit of a better comp. But Cup also had the counting stats. Um, I would definitely say he's a lot closer to Michael Gallop myself personally. Now, Ell's gonna be a wide receiver that we also had on a list early in the offseason saying, you know what, if he ends up going inside the first two rounds of the NFL draft, I'm probably going to be out on them in rookie drafts just because the ADP. And the reason being is the production profile is not great. Again, if you were looking at the career yards per route run, if you're looking at the career first downs per route run, I mean, his career yards per runs at 2.12. If you look at him with his receiving profile, he leads the team with 69 receiving yards per game, but the next best receiver is at 58. So, it's not like he's a T McMillan level player that's just going out there and absolutely dominating. No, he's a wide receiver, one at Stanford, but barely. Um, you look at the historical comps, there are some guys, if he does indeed get the NFL draft capital, being a day two pick, which does look like that is going to be the case because he does have a very good combine. Going over looking at Jaylen Milro, it all hinges on do you think you can get a starting job at some point? Now, I know this is way back in the day. The amount of people that are watching this that watched me back then are probably very small. But if y'all remember back in 2020, I did come away with a lot of Jaylen Herz and rookie drafts. And was I sitting there going, I know something y'all don't. Jaylen Herz is going to be a Super Bowl champion. Jaylen Herz is going to be one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL. The NFL scouting departments have this guy all wrong. Blah blah blah. No, I did not do that at all. Here's what I did. I went, "Okay, he just got drafted in round two of the NFL draft." We looked at historical information, went probably means is at one point going to get a chance to start. Look at his college stats. Um Jaylen Herd's in college, went out there and rushed for,300 rushing yards at Oklahoma. And we know if he does start, he is going to be startable in fantasy football. So, if he's going in round three dynasty rookie drafts, give me all the Jaylen Herz that I can possibly get. If Jaylen Milro ends up going at the top of the second round, just like Jaylen Herz did, I'm going to be looking at a quarterback that goes, "Okay, he had 20 rushing touchdowns last year. No idea if he's going to be any good from real life perspective, but riskreward ratio, if he goes in round two, some point, he's probably going to be starting. So, I'll go ahead and I will take a shot in round three. Sit him on the taxi and see if we can actually flip him hopefully for a future first if he does end up getting a starting job and he can go out there and rush for 50 rushing yards in a game and score a rushing touchdown. Now, if you're looking at the one quarterback rankings, of course, these are over on the side as well. The only real conversation that we need to have is exactly how low are you sliding Cam Ward in the one quarterback rankings. I would move Cam Ward behind Matthew Golden. I would move him behind the tight ends. Of course, I'd move him behind Scataboo. I'd move Cam Ward about to the Jaden Higgins or Toutin range.  Sanders, I think I'd be moving behind Jaylen Royals and the other guys such as Jackson Dart and Jaylen Milro. I'm It depends on where they go in the NFL draft, but I probably would not take them at all. And if I did, it'd be a late round three, early round four pick. But appreciate you. Really hope I was able to help you out in some way with this. And of course, if you'all want to go check out, I think there are three rookie draft guides posted on flockfantasy.com right now. If y'all want to go check out that prospect page, if you want to get our updated rankings, which will be updated every day, pretty much until the end of time, it's all on flockfantasy.com. A lot of that stuff's free. Some of it's behind a payw wall, though. I appreciate you and really hope we get to see you out with video sometime
