Title: Top 40 Dynasty Quarterback Rankings & Tiers

We actually had some quarterbacks changing teams like Kyler to the Vikings that we need to talk about in this video. But of course, I am here updating all our Dynasty fantasy football rankings for y'all. I mean, I do this pretty much every week on flockfantasy.com, but I do owe y'all a YouTube video every once in a blue moon. So, here we are. S tier. We're going to keep it stupid simple. We are going to put Josh Allen with Josh Allen. He plays 16 games every single season. He has gone one, two, three, four, five, six, seven seasons straight playing at least 16 games. And he has gone five seasons straight, or I apologize, six seasons straight, finishing as a top three quarterback in points per game. This has been when Stefon Diggs was great. This has been when he's had no wide receivers and the Bills were a rush first offense. Frankly, it doesn't matter. Josh Allen's a top three quarterback year in and year out. maybe are a little concerned when his game relies so much from a rushing element that that's going to age poorly now that he's into his 30s. I I still think you have to rank him as the number one overall quarterback in Dynasty. Now going over to Drake May. Obviously we have a bad taste left in our mouth given what we just had with the Super Bowl, but I want to at least take a step backwards and go, hell, Drake May went to the Super Bowl at 23 years old in his second NFL season. He averaged 20 and a half fantasy points per game. Now, I'm going to be honest. I am still upset that the New England Patriots have yet to get Drake May a very serious weapon on the offensive side of the ball. I kind of said this last off seasonason where I was hoping they were going to make a big splash in 2024 like going and getting T. Higgins and they really didn't. They just added Stefon Diggs but very similar to Josh Allen. Drake May got it done anyway. So now that he has Romeo Dobs, I mean I honestly don't think Romeo Dobs is that that that much worse at this point of his NFL career in comparison to what Stefon Diggs was last season. Now, this is going to be a little bit of a hot take, at least if I look at the rankings on flockfantasy.com. Obviously, on flockfantasy.com, not only do you get my rankings, but you get the rankings from a ton of different creators. And if you go to the player page, you just get so much information. Like, we can see Cory has Caleb Williams at four, Avery has him at five, Danny has him at six, Zack and Nathan both have him at seven. I'm going to put Caleb Williams at three. I'm fine being the highest person on the site with Caleb because if I go through and if I look at what Caleb did this past year, Caleb jumped from 14.97 fantasy points per game up to 18.72 fantasy points per game his first year in this Ben Johnson offense. And with this as well, I think that there's still upside to go higher because Caleb Williams was a quarterback at USC that had 10 rushing touchdowns in a singular season. Caleb Williams this past year for the Chicago Bears only has three total rushing touchdowns. Despite that, finishes as the quarterback eight in fantasy points per game. And you have young weapons with Lovelin going into year two, Luther Burden going into year two, Roma Dunce going into year three. I think this is a quarterback that has more rushing upside than what he's shown already. And I think he actually has already proven the ability to be a QB1 in the NFL in his second year. I absolutely love Caleb. Um, Jaden Daniels clearly has been better from a points per game perspective so far than Caleb through his NFL career where you go back to his rookie season. Jaden Daniels looked like an S tier level dynasty asset where he averaged almost 21 fantasy points per game. Takes a pretty big step backwards in year two. A lot of this had to do with injuries. Of course, even if you are just looking at the points per game numbers, those are even skewed because we go back to that Minnesota Vikings game right where he plays clearly hurt. finishes with 78 receiving yards. So, if you were to remove that game and just look at the first six games he played in the year, he did score at least 15 points in every one of those contests. But Jaden Daniels, 25-year-old player, don't love the weaponry that he has around him in comparison to Caleb Williams. And my prior of these quarterbacks coming into the NFL was that Caleb was the better one. Anyway, now moving over to Lamar Jackson. And Lamar Jackson is one of the most difficult evals in Dynasty for me at this point cuz we go back to 2024. Lamar Jackson was the QB1 with 25.3 fantasy points per game. That is insane. That is leaps and bounds better than what we just had from Josh Allen this past year. But Lamar Jackson not only continues to show I don't want to say injury proness but he continues to miss time in a way that Josh Allen hasn't. Lamar Jackson has had two seasons in which he has played 16 or more games since the year 2019 but on top of this very similar to what we said with Josh Allen where Josh Allen relies a lot on athleticism with his game. And I'm a little bit concerned that's not going to age as gracefully as what you had with quarterbacks like Tom Brady, Ben Rothosberger, Philip Rivers, Drew Brees, those more pocket passing options that lasted at a top level play until their mid30s. I'm a little worried that the fall-off has already occurred with Lamar. Like we can go through and we can look at Lamar just from an efficiency standpoint this past year dropping down to 7.8 8 adjusted yards per pass attempt, dropping from 53 rushing yards per game down to 27. Now, you're really hoping that they bring in another weapon for Lamar Jackson at pick 14. Maybe they're able to go out there and bring in a player like Jordan Tyson to play alongside say Flowers, but as it stands now, the offensive line has been degraded a bit. I think the coaching staff's probably a little bit worse. Lamar Jackson's coming off a year where he was just the quarterback, 17 in points per game, and you don't have the same stability that you're getting with like a Josh Allen from a games played perspective. Now, moving over to Joe Burrow, very similar to Lamar Jackson, right? Joe Burrow does have durability concerns. Joe Burrow misses a large section of the 2025 season, a large section of the 2023 season. We know he had a devastating injury to end his rookie year. and we go through and we look at Joe Burrow's projection into the future, it's very difficult to imagine that he can get up to the 25 points per game that Lamar has in his range of outcomes just because Joe Burrow wasn't running the ball early in his NFL career and he's definitely not running the ball now where he is down at 5.1 rushing yards per game this past season which was a career low. Um Patrick Mahomes was phenomenal this past season. Patrick Mahomes averaged over 20 fantasy points per game. The attempts are skyhigh always. You have 35 plus passing attempts per game for Patrick Mahomes in every season of his NFL career outside of 2019. Patrick Mahomes was actually running the ball more than ever this past year. But you do have him coming off a pretty significant injury as well as the fact that he's in his 30s and obviously we don't know how long Andy Reid is going to be the head coach of the Kansas City Chiefs. Now moving over to Jaylen Herz. I know a lot of people clown on Jaylen Herz from a real life perspective saying that oh Jaylen Herz is a fullback playing quarterback. You know the stupid stupid Twitter memes that you see, but I still think that Jaylen Herz gives you an insane floor from a fantasy football perspective where Jaylen Herz has averaged at least 18 fantasy points per game and has been a top 10 quarterback every single season of his NFL career that he has been the starter in Philly. Now, there are still concerns with Herz and that as he is aging, we are seeing him run the ball less like Jaylen Herz this past year fell from 42 rushing yards per game down to 26. He fell from about a rushing touchdown per game down to half of a rushing TD. And I still think there are concerns that you have AG Brown on the way out in Philadelphia. We know that Dallas Goddard is on the way out. Um, and it's hard to ignore just the overall drop off with the efficiency that we had from the Philadelphia Eagles offense where Jaylen Herds did fall to 7.1 adjusted yards per pass temp this past year. Now, Jackson Dart was great from a points per game perspective. Like, if you look at the weeks in which Jackson Dart actually started, he only had one game with fewer than 15 fantasy points and he had 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven games with more than 20. This is in a season in which he was not throwing to Malik Neighbors. And we actually, in my opinion, have a coaching staff upgrade here for Jackson Dart, who's only 22, 23 years old. Now, you can tell obviously with Dynasty quarterback rankings because the shelf life of these guys so much longer than what we have with other positions. I'm not valuing age here as much as I am elsewhere, but Jackson Dart looked great in year one, and I honestly think the situation's going to be even better this next season. Now, Justin Herbert, on the other hand, actually did look pretty bad this past season from a numbers perspective where you see Justin Herbert fall down to 6.5 adjusted yards per pass, which is the lowest mark in his NFL career. And at the same time, despite the rushing production going up dramatically, we actually didn't see Justin Herbert elevate the fantasy points per game where in regular reddraft leagues, he was a streaming option. and dynasty one quarterback formats. You could possibly say the same thing depending on your QB situation. Obviously in Superflex, you're starting them every single week regardless. But I do think for Herbert, the overall offensive line should be significantly improved going into 2026. Not only did they make a couple free agent pickups, but just getting two stud tackles back to your offensive line is obviously going to be a massive, massive upgrade. Now, Trevor Lawrence had the best year of his NFL career by far with the new coaching staff here in Jacksonville. He's only 26 years old. He's coming off the season where he finishes the QB six. Now, at the same time, we have seen Justin Herbert play five years of his NFL career. And we have had a um one season where he's been fantasy relevant, and that was really backloaded to the very end of this past year. But I mean, he dropped 44 points the first week of the fantasy playoffs. Trevor Lawrence looks like he is just on the way up. And the Jacksonville Jaguars have a ton of weapons with a much improved coaching staff. Now, Brock Party looks very good. Brock Party every single year that he has been the full-blown starter for the NerS, has been a top 10 quarterback in fantasy. Very similar to Trevor Lawrence. He's only 26 years old. While you have a significant injury to George KD this next year, you do add in Mike Evans, so the weaponry should be okay. Going over to Bon Knicks. Bon Knicks is the same age as Brock Party. He's the same age as Trevor Lawrence. Again, age not going to matter too too much for these quarterbacks. Um the efficiency wasn't incredible for Bon Knicks this past year, only at 6.2 two adjusted yards per pass attempt, but he had 36 pass attempts per game. So, that led to him having back-to-back years as a top 12 quarterback in fantasy. Now, going over to our next tier, we are going to have Dak Prescott. This is where the age starts to leak into these dynasty ranks because Dak is going to be 33 years old this next year. So, if I was a rebuilding team, Dak Prescott's probably somebody I'm going to go out there and throw on the trade block. But at the same time, we can say with the addition of George Pickkins, um Dak Prescott looks to be set up in a really good spot from a 2026 perspective. Um Jordan Love honestly may be ranked too high here. I like Love from a real life perspective, but he's not really running the ball whatsoever. Like we can go through and we can look at a careerhigh for Jordan Love is 14 and a half rushing yards. A careerhigh is 3.1 carries per game. I mean, he's only had one season where he's finished as a top 12 quarterback in fantasy. So, he's young. I I think he's a good real life quarterback, but honestly, like even though Jared Goff is four years older, um Jared Goff's at least a little bit more consistent where you can bank in on him playing every single game. He's played four seasons straight of 17 plus games. An efficient quarterback. He doesn't have any rushing upside, but again, you can say the same exact thing about Jordan Love. And then going to Baker Mayfield as the last guy here. Baker Mayfield looked really impressive at the beginning of the season, then clearly fell off in a big-time way. Um, we've had one year where Baker Mayfield was a stud from a fantasy perspective in 2024 where he averaged 21 and a half points per game. But outside of that, he has never really been a differencemaking quarterback in fantasy. Now, moving over to our next tier, I understand that CJ Strad gets a ton of hate, and honestly, as I look at this, I think if you were going to hate on the CJ Strad ranking, you are 100% correct, cuz at the end of the day, he just has made no difference from a fantasy perspective since his rookie year. Back-to-back seasons of finishing as the QB 24 or worse. Yes, he's only 24 years old. Yes. I mean, he had such a good rookie season. He's had NFL success even if in the playoffs it hasn't worked out. But I probably do need to look at moving CJ Shroud lower than this because just from a fantasy numbers perspective, he's not moving the needle. Like Bryce Young had a much better end of this past season than what we've ever seen from him. But still, Bryce Young has never finished higher than the quarterback 23 in points per game. Like, this is a tier that like, if I'm going to be honest, I I I have a lot more faith in the long-term viability from an NFL perspective of like CJ Stroud, Bryce Young, Cam Ward than I do Kyler. But now that Kyler is a Minnesota Viking, I think I need to move Kyler Murray to the top of this tier. I think I may need to move up Tyler Shuck as well because Tyler Shuck ended his rookie year five weeks with 1721, 18, 17, 21, and 21 fantasy points per game. We go over and we look at what the New Orleans Saints have done in free agency and they've addressed the offensive line. They brought in weapons. I I honestly may need to go ahead and move Tyler Shock higher than this. And then looking at Cam Ward, I mean, yes, rookie season was whatever. 5.3 adjusted yards per pass attempt is straight up horrible. He's not going to run the ball at all, but he is the first overall pick. So, you have the job security. Going over and looking at Sam Darnold, Sam Darnold has been a top 12 quarterback once in fantasy football in his NFL career, and he's about to be 29 years old. And that was when you add Justin Jefferson. That was when you were in that perfect Minnesota Vikings setup. Clearly, Darnold, good real life quarterback, one of the most compelling stories in the NFL. But the Seattle Seahawks just won the Super Bowl and Sam Darnold was the QB 28 in points per game. Now, moving over to our next tier, I think Daniel Jones honestly needs to be included in the tier above. I think you can throw Daniel Jones. You may be able to even throw in Malik Willis. Daniel Jones gets the big contract extension. Daniel Jones was the QB 14 in points per game this past year. You're going to assume that the rushing upside's now going to be a little bit limited given the torn Achilles. going over and taking a peek at Malik Willis. I mean, Malik Willis when he was the starting quarterback for the Green Bay Packers was ridiculously efficient. Malik Willis over the past two years has averaged over 10 adjusted yards per pass attempt. But at the same time, Malik Willis over the past two years has not combined for 100 total pass attempts. They severely limited him. He was extremely efficient, but with that in mind, he is going to run the ball a considerable amount and he just got the contract from Miami, even if I eat the Miami situation. Going over to Matthew Stafford, Matthew Stafford is 38 years old. And Matthew Stafford at the same time maybe has a little bit of a cap ceiling because he's not going to run the ball. While this past year, he finished the QB four in points per game. The year prior, he was the QB 26. The year before that, 18. The year before that, 27. The year before that, 10. And that caps off his Rams career. And you maybe only get one year, you maybe only get two years. Um, going over to Michael Penn, it wouldn't be the most surprising thing in the world if Tua ended up being the starting quarterback for this offense. Now, our last tier that we are going to have or we'll talk about two tiers. McCarthy, RIP, it's over. Um, I it was horrible to see 4.8 eight adjusted yards per pass attempt in a situation in which any quarterback should have been able to thrive. Going over to Tua, massive injury concerns, no rushing upside, has never finished with 18 points per game or more. Um, Sher Sanders at this point is on paper to be the starting quarterback for the Cleveland Browns, but the Browns are the Cleveland Browns, they're garbage, and shooter Sanders coming off the year, we average 4.6 adjusted yards per pass attempt. Jacobe Br looks like he is the starting quarterback for the Arizona Cardinals. And honestly, maybe we need to move him up. It's just like he's had one relevant stretch in his entire NFL career, and he's 33 years old, so it's hard for me to buy into it. Gino Smith is the quarterback for the New York Jets, but he's a 35-year-old QB that has had one season in his NFL career, finishing in the top 10 quarterback. Um Justin Fields maybe finds himself a starting job somewhere if we get an injury and he's going to run the ball. Maybe same thing with Anthony Richson. And we don't know about Rogers, M. Jones, or Deshun Watson yet, but that's all I got for you. I really appreciate you. Um, I hope that these were able to help you out. And again, I apologize for not making that many Dynasty videos this off seasonason. I've been grinding away with the developers on flockfantasy.com. I'm going to try to do a lot better by making Dynasty videos for youall as we lead up to the NFL draft, but honestly, the site's taking up a ridiculous amount of time, but I hope you appreciate it if you use it and get access to the best tools in fantasy football. Much love. Appreciate you.
