Title: Top 36 Dynasty Rookie Rankings & Tiers (Davis Mattek)

Could not be more excited to be joined by somebody that I have been personally a massive, massive fan of since I was delivering pizzas in college. I'd be listening to the tape cast. So to have Davis Maddock joining Flock Fantasy.com is a dream come true for me and not an understatement. Brother, excited to have you. Excited to have your Dynasty rankings on the side. Know obviously you've done baseball for a very long time. Done dynasty for a very long time. finally started a new dynasty channel which the links in the description and comment section. But thank you for joining me. >> Hey, I'm very happy to be here. Very excited to uh to be joining the flock. You know, Mason, I I'm a new dad and my son's favorite thing is ducks. True story. Loves the kid. The kid could not get enough of ducks. Duck songs, big big ducky. So, it's uh it's happening at a very poetic time in my life. And you know, I started with Dynasty, like dynasty analysis and and dynasty modeling and prospecting and all this. This was really like kind of at the forefront of what was interesting about fantasy football for me, like when it all started. So, this is this is kind of like getting back to my roots. >> Well, hell yeah. Well, let's dive into it. Starting with everybody's 101 this year. Um, if you didn't have him 101, I think we'd have to kick you off the side immediately. Talk about Jeremiah Love. >> Yeah. So, Jeremiah Love is my 101. Now, I am probably different from the market in that I do not think that Jeremiah Love is an Ashton Genty level prospect. I don't think he's an Ezekiel Elliott level prospect. Now, is he better than like last year's 23rd overall payar in Hampton? I certainly think so. The sample sizes on ham on uh on love are just like a little bit interesting in which he was not a workhorse in college and his like most comparable players if you were just looking at workload size and speed. It's actually more guys like Naji Harris, Jonathan Taylor, Josh Jacobs, guys who were like 20th overall picks, 25th overall picks, not second overall picks, third overall picks, fourth overall picks. So, of course, you're very happy to have the 101 in your league. Now, in a lot of my leagues last year, I actually like made huge trades to get up to the 101. I'm in a super competitive uh industry league where I traded three first rounders last year to get up to the 101 uh to select Ashton Genty. I'm not doing anything like that this year um for Jeremiah Love, which is like I don't you could have burned me in the end, sure, but I I think he is just a smidgen worse than the market thinks. That's super interesting because I know like just looking at the FSE prospect model on the site like he's there with the generational tier of Barkley Bejon Christian McCaffrey. I know you have your own prospect model called the slot model. Where does he like slot in? You're saying he slots in around the Jonathan Taylor range? >> Yes. So his model score in mind which I think is similar to what uh Corey has set up. It's it's similar. He's a little bit worse. I have things segmented two ways. a model score and then the score with the draft capital included. It's the draft capital included that is shooting him all the way up because I have him expected to be the fourth overall pick in this draft. And with the draft capital, his top comp is Bejian Robinson. Uh excluding the draft capital though, he is a lot closer to uh his top comp without draft capital is actually Naji Harris in my stuff. Now, we all hate Naji Harris and we think of him he's old and he's slow. He was a very good prospect and he was really good for fantasy, particularly as a rookie. I believe he caught 81 passes as a rookie Naji Harris did. So, I'm not saying I'm not saying this is a bad player. I'm not saying like, oh, I I really don't like Jeremiah Love. I just I think he just is getting catapulted up to a list of guys that he is is not actually their peer. Well, it makes sense because I'm looking at your tier list on the site and you have him actually in the tier with these other guys. So, do you want to move over to your next one? >> Yeah. So, I have him in the same tier. I I think there is one tier to begin rookie drafts this year and we could look back on this a year from now, two years from now, three years from now and be like, "Oh man, you actually really lucked out if you got the 1.4." Because my top five tier is Love, Carell Tate, Fernando Mendoza, Jordan Tyson, and Mai Lemon. I I would think that unless anything strange happens during the actual NFL draft, this will probably just be my list. It'll probably just be these five guys. There's a chance that Jordan Tyson might fall in the NFL draft due to some of the medical concerns. There's a chance that Mai Lemon might fall in the NFL draft. Not due to any medical concerns, but he seems like a strange guy. Very, very weird combine. He was making the crazy faces at the combine. And then uh during the wide receiver drills, he just was not listening to the coaches. They were telling the guys to run half-speed routes and there's a very funny video of them all doing the half-speed route except Lemon who wasn't listening and he just runs his route at normal speed. So, he's separated from all these guys. It's it's very weird. I again, actually, not to not to, you know, make my uh introduction on this channel as as kind of a hater, but again, Carnell Tate to me not really what you want to get with the one two or the three in your draft. This was a guy who was never the best wide receiver on his college team. We was teammates with Jeremiah Smith who like might end up being the first overall pick in the 2027 NFL draft. He is actually like the greatest wide receiver prospect of all time. So maybe you don't want to ding him that much for that. But we kind of have a mixed history of these Alabama Ohio State guys where it's like, well, how could you evaluate them fairly? All their teammates were so good. You have guys who have totally overcome that. Jaylen Wadd, I'm a big Jaylen Wadd guy. He played with like and the the 2019 or 2020 Alabama team had like eight first rounders on offense. It's like one of the most unbelievable collections of players. But you also have a fair number of Ohio State guys who have either been way better than they were in college. Terry McLuren is a really good example where he was like a third round pick, not a good player at Ohio State, way better in the NFL. Then multiple Ohio State guys who were really good at Ohio State and not good NFL players. Again, the the dynasty fantasy football intelligencia really likes Carnell Tate. His top comps for me are Jerry Judy, T. Higgins, and your boy Quinton Johnson, which are like not horrible comps. These are all guys who have been good fantasy football players. Um, not airing on the side of being great though, which again, this guy's probably going to be a top 10 NFL pick. I I have a hard time getting super super excited about Carnell Tate as like the next Justin Jefferson given those comps. Yeah, until he lands with the Kansas City Chiefs and you're putting him at one. >> Well, I think Mai Lemon is probably who if the Chiefs were going to draft a wide receiver at nine, Lemon is much more their type. They like these guys who can play inside or outside. They like these guys who can just absolutely destroy zone coverage and then can't beat man press to save their life. Like if the Chiefs in 2026 are running out Mai Lemon, Rashi Rice, and Xavier Worthy, all you're going to have to do is run press man with like an extra safety in the box and these guys are going to act like they never know how to get open. I'm actually would not be surprised at all if Jordan Tyson ends up being the best pro of these guys. his uh ear his freshman season at Colorado. I mean, they were like the worst team in college football, but it shoots him way up in my model because he had a 28% dominator rating as a true freshman in the FBS. Now, granted, it was a 28% dominator rating with, I believe, 437 yards. So, you can decide yourself how impressive that is. He has big injury concerns, though. He's been injured every year of his college career, torn ACL, MCL, PCL. He broke his collar bone. And apparently this hamstring injury that he's coming into the NFL draft with is so bad that he was not even able to do any drills at his proday. And this was an injury that he suffered in season. So he could end up maybe being a surprise faller in the NFL draft, which you don't love. But like his stuff to me and I mean just like I watch these guys too and just watching him I'm like this he's so obviously a star. >> Yeah, that's I know a lot of film guys absolutely love him. But would you say he's the most dependent on draft capital? Cuz if he goes say top 10, whatever team just graded him out and went, you know what, injuries aren't that big of a concern. Whereas if he falls to like the Patriots at the end of round one or goes like top of round two like Luther Burden, then all of a sudden you have to put Mai Lemon ahead of him. >> 100%. I mean, I I think I think that is locked in that if the NFL decides they really love either of those two guys, Tyson or Lemon, or is really out on one of them, then that's going to be a huge signal. Like this could be a a Keon Coleman situation where he's mocked in the first round, mocked in the first round, but only one team really wants him and then he ends up falling. That would be that would be a pretty big deal for both of them. If either of them got to the 30s, it would be like >> this is not feeling that good. >> Yeah, cuz the numbers on Lemon look great. And I know what you're talking about with like the weird interview at the combine and then immediately afterwards like there were reports saying that teams had weird interviews with him as well. Mhm. >> Um, but I feel like if you're comparing the weird interviews with Mai Lemon at the combine versus the Jordan Tyson injuries, we very much know that one is concrete set in stone a real concern where the other one is kind of like rumors, you know? >> Exactly. And I mean you do we care that much about these rumors if it doesn't impact their draft capital? Like not really. Also, I kind of always have this thing where I don't mind if my wide receiver is a bit weird. Now, you want them I say this all the time. You want them to be like Keshan Johnson weird. You want them to be like Dez Bryant weird. You don't want Antonio Brown weird. There's there's two different types of weird. You want, you know, throw me the dang ball weird, not uh, you know, criminal negligence weird is is kind of where I land with wide receivers. >> Well, I think everybody has those top five players in some order as their top five guys, right? So, it's like you want the 105 or higher. >> And then going down to the next tier, I have Kenyan Sadi like by himself as the sixth player. It's just kind of like I think this guy goes here regardless, but you have him with some other guys that you may want to talk about. >> I do. Yeah. So, I have a a pretty big second tier and I think really the only surprise compared to what the consensus is going to be is going to be that I have a second tight end. Uh in my next tier, I have Kenyan Sadi, Casey Conpsion, Jadarian Price, Omar Cooper Jr., and Eli Sters as my next tier. Now, if you p just happen to pull a bunch of 106s, you traded for a bunch of pickers that are the 106s. Getting Kenyan Sadi when he hits, like I mean, I think we all know this in fantasy football, just getting a tight end unicorn. If you have teams that have Bowers, you have teams that have McBride, you have teams that hung around on Kyle Pitts, you have teams that turned over a Tucker Craft, like you feel so good just knowing you have like an 11 and a half point per game tight end in fantasy football, which is what a lot of Sadi's historical comps are. The nittygritty of Kenyan Sadique's portfolio is I mean, it is much weirder. I I very rarely do you see guys of this profile expected to be drafted this high. never, you know, topped 550 yards at Oregon. Was maybe not even the best tight end on his team his final season. There is uh uh Jeremiah Johnson who is going to be drafted pretty highly next year coming out of Oregon. Now granted, with the draft capital, his comps and my model are all guys who have been huge hits in fantasy or or at least have had opportunities, right? Uh Noah Fant, Tucker Craft, uh Sam Leaporta. However, if I remove the draft capital part and it's just based off production, uh you start to get some guys who were like not great. Luke Skooner, uh Mason Taylor, Elijah Royo, Gerald Everett, OJ Howard. I I've I've seen the Noah Fant comp pulled out for Sadiq quite a bit and it totally makes sense to me where again shared the field with another really good uh tight end which is just kind of a a weird thing that we've had this same instance repeat itself in Dynasty fantasy football within five years huge huge combine riser because that's why Sadique is going this high he like maybe set the all-time record for Ras if uh if Eli Sters didn't exist but I think at some point for me. I just kind of have to say production matters. And when the chips were down, there was just very little production for Sadi on a really good Oregon team that was like steamrolling teams every week, too. Um, so why like what is it? Is it is it honestly just that he's probably going to be like the 13th pick in the draft that makes you like him? >> Yeah, I mean I understand what you're talking about production-wise just looking at Oregon last year there were five players that had 497 or more receiving yards and Sadique had 560. So, he was kind of just a guy, >> just a guy. >> But it's mainly because there's so many question marks around the rest of the class. >> But it's like the other guys that you have in tier two. I'm like, I have no idea what to think about him. >> Oh, 100%. I mean, Casey Conpsion, he had to have a knee scope, which I mean could be nothing, but also might mean that he's the 68th pick in the NFL draft. Now, I really like Casey Conpsion. He was kind of had a weird collegiate career. had a pretty high drop rate, which is not something that I tend to freak out about, but some Dynasty analysts really don't like it. To me, it's actually more of an indication of volume earning than anything else. But he was a true uh breakout at NC State. His second year at NC State, the whole like kind of offense is built around this high-flying freethrowing, you know, run and shoot with Grayson McCall. Grayson McCall suffers three concussions in four games, is out for the rest of the year. I believe he had to medically retire due to concussions. They start a true freshman uh Ammani Bailey at quarterback and like no one on the team was able to get anything going. Uh it was like him and Justin Jolly were averaging like four receptions for 38 yards per game. Then he transfers to Texas A&M is part of a really good Texas A&M team and I make this point all the time but his market share numbers I think to me are just a little bit worse than they should be and he should look like a tier better of a prospect. But his teammate Mario Craraver the first three games of the season had about 700 combined receiving yards and like five touchdowns in the first three games of the season and then totally fell off a cliff after that. Just like was like markedly worse than Conpion for the rest of the season. I I mean I don't know what happened. Maybe that was the game plan. Kver's really good yards after catch. So he did create some of that on his own. But I look at his profile and I say this is a really good analytical profile. He showed up at the combine, ran fast, like he is a he's a fast guy. I expect him to be an above average athlete at the wide receiver position. And I'm looking at the teams picking at the end of the first round of the NFL draft. And I'm saying, man, a lot of these teams could really use what he does. The Chargers picking at 22, could really use what he does. The Philadelphia Eagles, particularly if they trade AJ Brown, could really use what Conpsion does. San Francisco. I mean, San Francisco is going to be starting Christian Kirk in 2026 in the NFL. Like, there I I don't know if there's a better like for like than getting Conpsion in there. And then uh the the Chiefs pick at 29. Like there there are a lot of outs for Conpion maybe getting a way better landing spot uh than these other guys. Then I have Jadarian Price basically by default. I I mean I think he's going to be a top 40 pick in the NFL draft. How could you even evaluate a player like this? He he had 13 receptions in college. I I just I don't even really know a realistic way to say how good Jaden Price is because he never played. >> Yeah. My stupid check boxes that I look for with rookie running backs. Draft capital, athleticism at the combine, are they fast enough? Do they get drafted high enough to get an opportunity? Receiving upside, will they catch the ball if they do get that opportunity? And then size, can they handle all three downs? and he has like a 28.3 BMI. Obviously, we didn't see him handle all three downs in college. Not his fault. >> Not his fault. >> Yeah, we didn't see him catch the ball at all. Also, not his fault. So, it's like the only thing that you can fall back on is he was pretty fast and he may get good draft capital. >> I mean, you could like he did have a couple nice receiving plays amongst his 13 receptions at Notre Dame. I would say honestly if you were looking to be a big Jadarian Bryce bull, the thing that you would be bullish about would be he had to have gotten so many NIL offers to leave if he was really this good. And he didn't. So he must have felt very secure. I'm going to go where I want in the NFL draft. I'm I'm going to get drafted. I'm going to make money at the next level because I mean he's in practice every day with love. Like he he knows he's not getting the ball. He knows he's a clear running back, too. So, if you're if you're looking to be real bullish about him, there you go. There's a way to do so. >> But maybe this is a bad comp. I'm not saying they're anything similar as running backs, but you can go back to 2019 when Josh Jacobs got drafted round one. It's not like he had a ton of volume at Alabama the entire time just because the amount of running backs that were in that backfield, but he gets the round one draft capital. So, you're like, you know what, kind of nothing else matters because he's going to get the opportunity. >> Uh, it's very similar to that circumstance. The other circumstance that it reminds me of very much is the uh Georgia backfield that was three ways with Sony Michelle, uh Nick Chub, and DeAndre Swift. All three of those guys were teammates. All three of them ended up being either really good or at least really useful fantasy football players in the NFL and all got good draft capital despite, you know, they all obviously ate into each other's workload. And frankly, I think we're actually going to see more and more of this as the NFL and and the NCAA continue on this same timeline where guys are getting money to stay in school and the bigger schools are the ones that have the money. It's really what's really going to mess up is recruiting wide receivers and evaluating wide receivers is only going to get harder because all the guys who are really good, they're all going to be teammates. They're just like like Ohio State is gonna have six guys who could be drafted in the top 100 picks in the NFL draft, >> which is it's so interesting from like I do everything numbers based. I'm not going to be able to sit here and pretend like, oh, I watch Carnell Tate on YouTube and I know exactly what he's going to be, right? But all these prospect models that are driven with data that are from like 2014 through 2025, it's like what nine of those years is completely different sport almost if you're looking at breakout age if you're looking at market share numbers. It's like comparing apples and oranges almost if you're looking back historically. >> Yes. Yeah. I mean like college football that existed pre and postcoid, you're just going to have a very hard time. Like I know this from building out a database that tried to generate sim scores and sim scores for guys in 2025 are throwing some wacky stuff out at me from like 2016 prospects because the sport is so different. The hierarchy of the way guys get to the NFL are are so so different. Uh the rest of this second tier for me, Omar Cooper Jr. Honestly, I actually don't really like him that much. I I think he's fine. I think Omar Cooper Jr. is like the most fine wide receiver prospect. He He just is kind of on the upper end of fine on every metric that I look at. I just I think I think everyone else seems higher on him than I do. So, I'm probably just not going to get a ton of him in rookie drafts, particularly if he's a first round pick. If he's a first round pick, I bet a lot of people will flip-flop him and Conpsion. And I feel pretty strongly about Conpsion. And I also feel very strongly about Eli Sters, who is a pretty cool story. Uh was a was a quarterback prospect, realized he wasn't going to make it as a quarterback prospect, transferred to New Mexico State, realized he wasn't going to be able to start over Diego Pavia at quarterback, changes to tight end, then follows Pavia from New Mexico State to Vanderbilt and wins the Mackie Award winner. Now Mason, we do things from a numbers perspective. We like to look at breakout age. I I like this thought experiment on Sters where we basically eliminate his first two seasons where he was not playing tight end and then treat him like he was 18. The first year he was playing tight end. His profile already looks pretty good, but it looks way better if you treat his first year actually playing tight end as his first year, not his third year, which he was in uh in college. Also had 28 rushes for 108 yards and and two touchdowns that season as well. and then shows up to the combine and actually outperforms Sadique, which I thought was insane that he ended up with a better relative athletic score than Sadi. >> Yeah. I mean, you are definitely by far and away the highest on him on the site. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Because he's 14 average on the site. You have him at 10. I just frankly have the hardest time in the world with these tight ends coming to the NFL. Whether it's like me thinking Kyle Pittz is legitimately the best tight end prospect of all time, so thinking he's going to be the tight end one overall in Dynasty, or thinking like OJ Howard's the freaking man because I'm obsessed with listening to Dynasty podcast, you know, where it seems like these guys are so so hit or miss. >> Sters could definitely be OJ Howard. He definitely could be. The thing that I, and this could sound like a backhanded compliment, but the thing that I actually think is cool about Sters is we're gonna get a big flag the moment he gets drafted. Because no team is going to draft Ster saying, "Oh, we think this guy can block. We think this guy's ceiling is the role that Daltton Concincaid plays. And if the role that Daltton Concade plays is worth the 48th pick, that to me is basically a team being like, he's just a wide receiver for us. We're we're not even going to ask this guy to block." If he is the 79th pick, if he's the 103rd pick, then I this ranking is just wrong. It's just it's just wrong. I think I'm probably right because the buzz has been so good about him. >> But whereas Wick with Sadique, I think some team is going to say we think this 238-lb guy can block defensive ends. I I mean, I don't think it's going to work, but I at least feel comfortable that no team is going to ask Starders to do that. >> All right. Well, we're gonna have to go over to the next tier because this is where you start getting some hot takes in comparison to the other people on the site. Ty Simpson kind of neutral. Uh what's the take on him, though? >> I just think he's going to be a first round pick. I think we're we're getting this forecasted. Sher tweeted he's going to be a first round pick. I mean, Dan Rowski did a whole week of media saying that he thinks Ty Simpson is better than Mendoza. I certainly don't think that. I'm just a draft capital respector. I lead me. You know who I have on a lot of my dynasty teams who I thought stunk? Tyler Shuck. I thought Tyler Shuck was like a literal nonpros. >> He got picked with the 40th pick in the NFL draft. Guess what? I'm taking you every time that I'm on the because why wouldn't I? I don't think Ty Simpson's very good. I've watched a lot of Ty Simpson played basically the worst game of his life against my University of Oklahoma Sooners. Guy stinks. But I just I don't care if he's going to be a first. None of these other guys, Mike Washington, Brazil, none of these guys are are even close to dynasty value if Simpson ends up being a first- round pick. Even if he does stink. >> Yeah, because I mean, if he is a starting quarterback come week four, week five, at the very minimum, you're able to sell him for a second and third in next year's draft. The very minimum. >> At the at the at the least. At the least. I mean, what could you sell Tyler Chuck for right now? >> I can pull up on the site. So, I know you're brand new on the site, so maybe this is not something you've seen, but you can add rookie picks like in the overall rankings. So, you can see where people are ranking like Tyler Shock in comparison to the 107 108. So, I'll get you that answer right now. >> I bet you could trade Tyler Shuck in Superflex for the pick that is Casey Conpion or Omar Jr. I would >> currently expert average rank on the site is between pick the 107 and the 108. Yeah, I mean that is that is that is just like picking a nickel up off the street. You don't you don't go broke turning a profit. And I think I mean we haven't even really said this yet. This deep in the video this is like an extraordinarily weak skill position class. >> It's why the tiers are the way they are. And it's why I don't feel that bad about coming in and being way off consensus on my third tier players because I think the consensus is more likely than in an average year to be wrong because it's just picking from a bunch of options that are really high variance. My next tier is probably deeper than a lot of people's would be. I guess is the next tier for most people would be um Denzel Boston, Jeremy Bernard, Serat, Branch, Brazil, and then potentially Jonah Coleman would be in there. >> We got to talk about Jonah Coleman in a second because I know the FSE guys love him. >> They love him. >> But you got Mike Washington at 12 and the expert average on the site is 22. >> Yeah, I'm a simple I'm a simple man. Running back big, running back fast, running back weighs 230 pounds. It's really all that I need. Is Mike Washington Jr. that good? Not really. Did Mike Washington Jr. get his uh lunch eaten by Seth McGawan when they were teammates? He most certainly did. However, he put on the show of all shows at the combine. Uh I think he I I believe his rash is 9.99. He has a 99.9th percentile speed score. What that is going to do is even if he's not that good, it's going to elevate him in terms of draft capital where he is going to end up he might go ahead of Jarian Price in the actual NFL draft. And the big prize this year is that the Seahawks did not retain the services of Kenneth Walker and they have their other running back on the roster is coming back from a torn ACL. So a lot of dynasty analysts are imagining that the Seahawks are drawing pretty live to take a running back at 32. Would it be a good use of draft capital to take Mike Washington Jr. at 32 for Seattle? I don't think so. Is it possible? It definitely is. But basically, he just to me looks kind of like the platonic ideal of an early down grinder in this version of the NFL where teams are just not throwing as much. And um we are at a 10-year high in terms of EPA per rush and a 10-year low in terms of EPA per pass. Teams are just trying to abuse heavy boxes as much or light boxes as much as possible. And Mike Washington Jr. is really set up to succeed against 210 lb nickel corners. >> And honestly looking at this, I just pulled up NFL mock draft database. He's projected to be the third running back off the board in the NFL draft. I I didn't realize that. I thought Jonah Coleman was supposed to go ahead of him. >> And then also >> Coleman had a bad combine. He had a he had a tough tough combine. And yeah, like you said, pretty much 100 percentile speed score, 223 pounds, and he had 11 he had an 11% target share. He had 28 receptions this past year. >> Yeah, he just played for he played for a team that didn't throw the ball very much. His quarterback is Talon Green, who uh something in the water there at Arkansas. Tesla, an alltime Ras guy. Talon Green, an all-time Ras guy. Mike Washington Jr., an all-time Ras guy. Uh didn't turn into any wins for that team. Uh, actually, I guess they were not that bad last year. They were they were okay. But, uh, I I'm I'm a draft capital respector and I'm a speed score respector. >> Awesome. Well, you want to go over to the next guy? >> Yes. We can go to Chris Brazzle, who honestly, he's another one of these guys I just have a tough time having a real opinion on because we've all fallen for these Tennessee wide receivers. They are like the most fake stat university of all time. Now, a couple University of Tennessee fans reached out to me about Bradzel in particular and said, "No, this isn't this isn't Cedric Tilman. This isn't Dante Thornton. This isn't Jaylen Hyatt. His stats are actually not as fake as those guys stats were." So, I'm willing to hear them out on on those stats not being as fake. He's a he's a bigger guy, which is it's kind of nice in this draft to have guys who can for sure play outside because most of the prospects in this year's class are uh Serat style guys. I mean, even even Tyson and Lemon profile is better slot players than outside. So, I think that he could get some draft capital advantage from that. I I no strong opinion there. Much stronger opinion on Zachariah Branch, who I believe the statistic is 49% of his career receptions came uh at or behind the line of scrimmage or on design screenplays, which is generally not what you would want to see. I've got two things that make me really bullish on him. The first is as a true freshman at USC. Uh he was basically the best punt returner I've ever seen, which there's like a pretty strong correlation between that and wide receiver ability to the next level. It also is likely to get you drafted in the NFL now. Kick returns and punt returns are are more important than ever. Teams are placing real emphasis on that. He also outproduced Jacobe Lane and Mai Lemon when they were all true freshman at USC, which I think is kind of interesting. than his final year at Georgia. I I don't know if I've ever seen a discrepancy like this. Zachariah Branch had 81 receptions. His final season at Georgia, no one else on the team had more than 27. The whole passing offense for a really good Georgia team. The whole thing was Zachariah Branch. So, I I just kind of think there's some hidden stuff there that is not being accurately valued uh by by my fellow market makers. >> Yeah. And correct me if I'm wrong, he was a fivestar guy coming out of high school, right? >> Super. Yes, mega five. That's why he was at that's why he was at USC with Caleb Williams and all those guys. He was like and I I think he's probably too skinny to be to ever be like a 90 catch guy in the NFL, but and that was his problem in college is he was a really skinny small guy. But hey, NFL nutrition weightlifting program, you never know. >> Yeah. 5'9, 177. I I guess that I guess that's the problem. I was as you as you sold me on him, I was like, "Oh, I'm in." And then >> he's he's like this is like um you're obviously the the bull case is always well what if these guys are Devont Smith and they just have so much dog that it doesn't matter. On the other side you have Matthew Golden and Xavier Worthy where it's like >> these guys look like they could get eaten by a defensive back >> and Smith was also like the best college wide receiver ever. So >> of like of all time of like all time. Yeah. >> All right let's go over to Elijah Sat >> again. just another guy that I think I am a draft capital respector on. I I don't have real strong opinions about him. He was like a pretty good, very productive wide receiver for the best team in college football. It is was surpris because I am a college football guy. I watch a lot. It was actually surprising for me to see the Omar Cooper Jr. hype over the course of the year because Serat was the guy with all of the the plots coming into the final season and he was also more productive for most of the season. A lot of Omar Cooper Jr.'s production came on later in the year. He's also he's also older uh which is is kind of interesting. I'm just following the draft capital here. The market expects Cooper Jr. going to go first. But I would not be surprised if Serat is uh you remember Jameson Crowder like like a 210 pound version of Jameson Crowder who can just kind of rack up 62 catches a year and you took him with your second pick uh in in your in like some of your dynasty leagues and he just kind of averages 10 points a game for you for four years. >> Hypothetically, if the draft capital was a lot closer on those guys than it's currently projected, would you flip them in these rankings? >> I would. I would. Yeah, I I would. I I like the I like the Serat profile more than the Omar Cooper Jr. profile. I just the the the gap is quite wide now. Like um a bunch of the mock drafts have Omar Cooper Jr. going in in like the top 20, which it seems crazy to me, but just is what it is. >> Yeah. Well, I know the FSE guys have been beating that drum all off seasonason, but what's likes to rap? >> Jeremy Bernard. So Jeremy Bernard again is just another one of these guys that kind of got overshadowed by his collegiate teammates at Alabama where you know everyone was talking about Ryan Williams and all these guys. And speaking of Ty Simpson, by the way, a pretty nonfunctional passing offense makes his raw numbers not look that good. But like Ryan Williams was this five-star recruit. He scores the game-winning touchdown as a 17-year-old. And Jeremy Bernard outproduced him every year that they were that they were teammates. Um, a lot of the guys that I look at for like are my opinions wrong, are my opinions right, what is consensus seem to be really high on Jeremy Bernard. So, I've I've brought that in to my stuff as well. And uh, a guy who I assume I'm much lower on the consensus is Denzel Boston. I I think this style of wide receiver is kind of going the way of the dodo. like the the outside wide receiver who is a four-year prospect who did not produce at all until the end, right? Did was not able to get on the field at all as a true freshman. Not able to get on the field at all as a sophomore, then all of a sudden shows up his final year. Oh, this guy's so good at beating man coverage. His contested catch rate is so good. I just I mean to me it's it's got Keon Coleman written all over it. That's exactly. And and and like he's kind of projected to go in the range of the draft where uh where Keon Coleman went. So I I just I kind of have a a bad vibe on his profile. >> Yeah. Two things. One, in general, I think it's always a good idea to be lower on the guys that their highlight reel is just the defenders laying on top of them, but they still catch the ball, you know? Yep. It's like >> like congrats on getting it, but at the end of the day, you generated this much separation, you know, but with that being said, um if he gets first round draft capital, I will be much higher on him than you are. >> Yeah. And look, I will always I I've learned my lesson, I think, enough on some of these guys to defer. Where it would be close to me is if he's like a high second round pick, like kind of where like Luther Burden went. Yeah, I think you can I think you can pick some expected value points by being a little bit more discerning with those type of guys because it is a pretty big signal that the NFL is telling you we don't care about the fifth year option on those guys cuz wide receivers are so expensive now. Like to retain a wide receiver on one more year of cost control should be worth a lot particularly to the teams picking at the NFL at the end of the draft like you should think these are good teams. So they should be thinking pretty clearly about that. I am I am hoping what I'm hoping is that the guy I have ranked directly behind him, Ted Hurst, give this guy second round draft capital, I will rank him ahead of of Denzel Boston so fast. Like really weird profile because guys like this do not stay at Georgia State anymore. Guys like this who have the ability who break out one year, they go they leave. Oh, that guy's at Michigan, that guy's at Notre Dame, that guy's at Alabama. I don't know why Ted Hurst stayed, but all the film guys are really high on him. They they look at this profile and they're like I again like you, I'm not going to pretend to be able to watch YouTube cutups and and say anything, but his modeling stuff actually looks quite good to me like in terms of the per game and the per target stuff. Now, he's a little bit older of a prospect as well, but he's big 63, 206. Uh obviously like his he loses out in my modeling because of his teammate score. He has no NFL teammates to speak of um at all. But his top comps for me are all guys who came from similar situations and made an impact right away. Romeo Dubs uh from Nevada, Kenny Galla from Northern Illinois, uh Deshawn Hamilton from from Penn State who was actually played on on uh was Denver Broncos teams. It >> I don't expect this to be a popular take, but I really really like Ted Hurst. But to speak of the strength of the class, if you have him ranked at your 206 and you're saying upside case here is Romeo Dobs, >> probably better off trading that pick for Romeo Dobs. >> Uh yes, that's actually we should we actually maybe should have even started there, but like a lot of what I'm doing with my 2026 picks, particularly on my teams that like on the site display as like a juggernaut or strong contender, I'm just I'm getting those out the door. I'm trading like I'm trading for >> like I'm trading for running backs which I like never do but like I sure I'm shipping out the 203 for Josh Jacobs. >> Oh, >> which is like Yeah. Well, normally I would be like I'm man I'd rather just take whoever the wide receiver three was from Bama last year. Like normally I would I would just hold on. But this year I And even if your league think is a sharp league and they know all this stuff, >> I think you still get them out the door. I because because the pick has value before it turns into a player. >> Well, I just did a live stream reviewing Dynasty teams for the first time in a while just because traveling for the fiance's work, not in the studio. And um almost every team that I looked at, I was like, "Oh, you have a top five pick. That's incredible. We're going to take this rookie. Oh, you have the 108. What can we trade it for to help us to get better this year?" >> Yes. Yeah. And and the 108, the 106, 107. There will be enough people in your league who are like, "Oh, I really like Omar Cooper Jr., I really like Sadique." That you should be able to turn that into a much more valuable asset than even where that pick is ranked on the rankings in the site in my opinion. >> All right. Well, we got to talk about this next here because Jonah Coleman's still not showing up yet. His average ranking on the site's 12. >> Yeah, Jonah Coleman still not showing up on the site. There are two things going into that. The first being that I am not buying the draft capital that even my model had plugged in. I think he's going to be a day three pick. I think he did not do himself any favors of the combine. I think enough other running backs did do themselves favors of the combine that he ends up in a morass of guys. If he ends up being a third round pick, I'll change my tune. If this profile of guy is a round five pick, I think you just say, "Hey man, I'll see you in two years when you move practice squads and you end up on a team that I really care about." I know. I know that. I did a video with Bush uh two weeks ago and he really liked Jonah Coleman and I was picking up what he was laying down, but I think the upside case for Jonah Coleman, this is as good as I can do is Zach Moss. That's like that's like the hit. Zack Moss would be a big big hit for Jonah Coleman. So, what I'm doing in my rankings is I like the guys who just have a wider range of outcomes. mostly being Nick Singleton, who probably is worse than Jonah Coleman and probably is going to go in a really similar range of the NFL draft. However, Singleton broke his foot at the Shrine Bowl, which meant that he was not able to do the combine or the proday. If he had been able to do that, he would have had a Mike Washington Jr.esque combine. He was on Feldman's uh Bruce Feldman from The Athletic. He was on his freaks freaks list all three each of the last three seasons. He probably would have ran a 435, would have weighed 220 225 pounds. Actually has a passcatching resume that Mike Washington Jr. doesn't have. Uh and I and I think Singleton is probably a lot better than his backfield teammate uh Kron Allen. >> Awesome. Well, let's keep it rolling here. >> All right, we can keep it rolling. And this is a huge list of guys. This is kind of where we enter grabbag, like take your pick. Antonio Williams, like a slot only guy from Clemson. Not a productive passing offense. Nothing really to write home about his combine. This is again just kind of more mock draft respecting. And there are a couple film guys who really like his game, which I try and bake into my rankings because the film guys are either they going to be indicative of what the NFL is thinking or some of them are just plugged in. Some of them are actually speaking to NFL scouts. So, I think that is pretty important. Chris Bell has his fans. I think it's tough to draft a wide receiver in a rookie draft who is coming off of a torn ACL and is probably not going to be able to play for the first six weeks or so as a rookie because they're going to miss all their training camp. They're really unlikely to be inserted as a starter coming off of the ACL, not being able to get full practices in. So, you're looking at kicking the can down the road on a second or third round wide receiver pick. And it's like, I mean, how many how many dynasty teams can you pull up right now and be like, "Oh man, I spent a third round pick on this wide receiver two years ago. I never cut him. I never trade him. I never started him. He's just been nothing but a roster clogger for me." And Chris Bell really looks like a roster clogger. EMTT Johnson is just uh Jonah Coleman, but from Nebraska instead of instead of Washington. A little bit worse of a runner, but same profile. Then we have the Christian Watson clone, Bryce Lance. They're same size, same speed. Bryce Lance older when he was drafted than Christian Watson, but more productive. He profile like his his statistics and his age and his size is like, "Oh, this would be a great lottery ticket for some team to take in the fourth or fifth round." I actually wonder if the NDSU connection and the fact that he so obviously is like the same player as Christian Watson, who's been a good NFL player, actually vaults him up even higher in the NFL draft team. We like to think of NFL teams being very sophisticated. NFL teams like the pattern match, dude. I I promise you they like to do that. >> I like the pattern match. And I got a whole lot of Tre Lancen Dynasty. So, Bryce Lance, >> welcome to the squad. >> And you want to know what's crazy? Trey Lance is on his about to be on his third NFL contract and his third NFL team. Uh, no, sorry, his fourth NFL team after this. And, uh, he's only 18 months older than uh than his brother. That's how that's that's how young Tre Lance was in the NFL and that's how old Bryce Lance is. But I I do just really like this profile of guy. And then more more draft capital respecting here with Max Cla. He to me looks like the most Jeremy Rucker, you know, blocking tight end. I I have like no interest in Max Cla, but some of my friends, uh, Ryan Heath and others, Jacob Sanderson, they they really like him. They think he his junior season at Purdue where he had like a 35% market share is indicative. I think probably the 10% market share at Ohio State is much more like what his NFL role is going to be. And uh this is basically where guys who I know for sure are getting drafted ends. That's how we're we're 26 players in and the rest of these guys you could tell me that's maybe a UDFA and I'd be like, "Yeah, well, I guess probably." Well, give me at least through your top 30 here because I know we need to talk about Katron Allen because it looks like you're much lower on him than the rest of people on the site. >> All right, so we have Skyler Bell, Adam Randall, Kron, and then uh I actually tossed in Garrett Nusmire and Drew Aller who I would guess a lot of people are probably not even drafting. My thought process there being if it's a bad class, what position is most important in Superflex Dynasty? It's just finding anything at quarterback. 65 quarterbacks started a game in the NFL last year. Brady Cook started a game in the NFL last year. Garrett Nesmire and Drew Aller are going to get drafted. If you gave me even money on one of them starting a game, I would take it. So, I I think that I just am this year I'm going to be accumulate. Like I'm even Tayen Green. I'm probably going to be drafting. I'm just going to be acquiring uh some of those tickets. The the Kron thing is pretty simple. This is a guy whose uh whose nickname is Fat Man. Um he showed up at the combine weighing 217 pounds. Uh he did not match that with a very strong uh relative athletic score. He he is is much lower in the athletic part of my model. Uh the receiving yards per team pass attempt is not bad. Uh the top comps in my model though, this is so bad. It's it's Cadre Olison and Benny Snell. It's just like oh man, this is not an NFL profile. >> Not great. >> It's not It's not great. Um, and then I mean there are guys I like here in the sense of if this guy landed on the perfect NFL team with perfect draft capital, could I see myself drafting them? Like even in baseball this year, uh, Dion Burks, Jaden, Eric Mallister, Kevin Coleman Jr. But seriously, like I think every name we just talked about after 30 or 31, which is aller, could legitimately be a UDFA. So, I'm assuming in basketball drafts these aren't guys that we want around 14. >> I'm I'm taking I'm taking some of these guys in like legit round 20 on underdog. Adam Randall is a con he's a converted wide receiver who played running back for the first time in the ACC conference championship game for Clemson. He weighs 235 pounds. And my thought process is really pretty simple. It's like that's a big dude who I at least knows the concept of route running and soft hands. that guy ends up being a Dallas Cowboy in the fourth round or whatever, I I'm gonna be interested. And >> yeah, >> it's about it. >> Well, appreciate it, my guy. We went 45 minutes. I think it's the longest video I've had on the channel in a while. >> Well, see, you're going to you're going to learn this about me, man. It's it's hard once I once I get going. It's hard. We'll have to we'll have to script some of these out to keep me uh to keep me on track. >> Well, you clearly know 10 times more about college football than I do. What was the video you first put on your new Dynasty channel? uh uh 2026 Superflex rookie mockdraft with my guy Rich Rebar. We actually just went through the picks that we would make if we were on the clock in the first two rounds and you know differing amounts of strategy, but uh I think it is pretty interesting to to look at what you should do when you're actually on the clock. >> Awesome. Well, I will pin that video to the top of the comment section and top of the description for anybody who wants to check it out. But got anything else you want to plug? Uh, no. Check out the new Dynasty Matic channel. And if you guys are really, really sick, come and uh draft some baseball drafts with me over on the uh Davis_matic channel where uh we we've been we've been drafting best teams since the NFC Conference Championship. >> Well, if y'all don't know, Davis is drafting 3,000 best baseball teams this year, which is um not wise. I'll put it that way. People have said there are better uses of time, but uh I've yet I've yet to find them, Mason. I've yet to find them. >> Well, appreciate it, my guy, and super pumped to have you on the team. >> Yeah. Thanks very much for having me.
