Title: Top 32 Dynasty QB Rankings & Tiers

Tier one, we're going to go Josh Allen, Jaden Daniels, Lamar Jackson. I know we talk about this a lot in Dynasty. And I don't have the right answer, but I am very interested to know how these quarterbacks are going to age that rely on athleticism to be elite fantasy options. Now, I'm not saying that Josh Allen or Lamar Jackson, they're not going to be effective real life NFL quarterbacks at 32 years old. They very easily could be. But if we no longer see Josh Allen giving you 12, 13, 14, 15 rushing touchdowns in a season, if we no longer see Lamar Jackson averaging 50 rushing yards per game, do they fall from being elite QB ones in their mid to late 20s down to being, I don't know, low-end quarterback ones when they progress into their 30s? That would be a potential concern that you have. But obviously in the short to mediate term, these are going to be absolute crushers that if you are able to grab yourself two of these top tier options, it's going to be extremely difficult for the rest of your league mates to actually catch up in a superflex league. Going over and looking at Jaden Daniels, um yes, he comes through and he's the quarterback six as a rookie. Definitely was a much older rookie, right? He's already going to be 25 years old in his second season, but he also averaged 50 rushing yards per game as a rookie. He's currently getting drafted as the QB3 in reddraft leagues. So, if he's already getting drafted as the QB3 in reddraft formats, I kind of feel comfortable having him here as my QB2 in dynasty. And now you have Debo Samuel coming over. But both Debo as well as Terry McLaren and Zachs. Pretty much every weapon that he has is extremely old. Now, dropping down to our next tier, Jaylen Herz, Joe Burrow would be two guys that I would have flipped in a reddraft. But from a dynasty perspective, I'm maybe a little bit more concerned of how Jaylen Herz will age in comparison to Joe Burrow because obviously so much of the Herz production comes from what you are getting as a rusher with him for three straight seasons averaging almost a rushing touchdown per game. And if Jaylen Herz is still doing the tush push at 30 years old, is that vi I would assume that's not going to be a recipe to stay healthy for the long term in dynasty. I'm assuming at some point we are going to see that kind of stray away from Jaylen Herz as he ages. And again, I would be maybe a little bit concerned with those quarterbacks that are elite options now based off their rushing ability turning into like lowend QB ones if 10% or 50% of that ends up going away. Uh Joe Burrow, he's older than Jaylen Herds by a couple years, but I think that he is just the prototypical quarterback that's going to age well into his mid to late 30s. But also, if you're a contender, clearly you just take Jaylen Herds because there over the next two to three seasons, Herd should outscore Burrow in a four-point passing touchdown league. Now, I did change this in our dynasty rankings after the NFL draft. I flipped Caleb Williams and Patrick Mahomes. I put Caleb up here already as our quarterback six. This is despite Caleb Williams being the quarterback 20 from a point game perspective as a rookie. Obviously not nearly as exciting as what a lot of people thought he would be. But I am just projecting out looking at how this situation changed from 2024 to 2025 and what it will be going into the future because now Caleb Williams is surrounded by a much better offensive line. Caleb Williams is surrounded by a much better coaching staff, a much better skill positional group where you have Roma Dunce going into year two, you have Luther Burden as a rookie, you have Loveland as a rookie, and you have DJ Moore in his prime. So, if we are projecting this out for Chicago over the next few seasons, it's not like Loveland's, Luther Burton, or Roma Dunce are going to be worse in 2026, 2027 than they would be now. Like the situation is already great in Chicago as it stands today in June 2025 and I think it may only get better going into the future. Caleb only going to be 24 years old this next season. So I'm fine putting him here. Looking at Patrick Mahomes, I know a lot of people would say, "Well, Mason Mahomes disappointed last year and he disappointed the year before." Yes, back-to-back seasons averaging only about 17 and a half fantasy points per game. absolute garbage for Mahome standards where typically we've seen them anywhere from about 20 and a half to 26 fantasy points per game from 2018 through 2022 in that 5year stretch. Now, even the worst Patrick Mahomes seasons you're ever going to get, he's the QB1 and the QB13 in points per game. And those are the worst Mahomes years you're ever going to find. So, if the floor is like QB1, QB13, and the ceiling is quarterback one overall in fantasy, he's only going to be 30 this next season. So, you presumably have a decade of value with Momes. I I don't see how this isn't just his rock bottom floor price. Like I've been doing a lot of mock drafts on the side as of late and a lot of those mocks I hop into, at least the public mock draft lobbies, Patrick Mahomes is going in the second round of Superflex startups. And 100% if you're taking him in the second round, I don't see how his price point dips below that 12 months from now. Now going over to our next quarterback, we are going to have Drake May. Now I stand by everything I've said with May this offseason. While yes, he showed a very impressive rookie year. While if you're looking at points per game numbers, he was the QB25, blah blah blah. We all know he didn't play every single game completely. Like you can go back and look at the Jets game where he only plays um enough to have eight pass attempts. Look at the second Jets game where he plays only enough to have six pass attempts. Look at the Buffalo game where he only has one passing attempt. Like you can throw those out the window. And in the games that Drake Bay actually played, he was the QB. 10 7 18 16 14 17 10 11 16 and 27. So arguably a better season than what you had from Caleb Williams. And this was with an absolute garbage supporting cast. And now you have a much better coaching staff here in New England. Drake May is only going to be 23 years old. Um, I just don't necessarily see a like the New England Patriots set Drake May up for success from a fantasy perspective in the short to immediate term because if we're looking at what this team did this off season and a bad wide receiver draft class, they take a wide receiver in round three. They go out there and they sign a 32year-old wide receiver who is just a wide receiver three in his previous offense now coming off a 20 ACL. I would make the argument that while the New England Patriots maybe made the right moves from like a real life NFL perspective to win football games, if we were trying to see Drake May have 40 50 dropbacks a game and elevate his play to be a mid QB1 in dynasty over the next three seasons. Probably you're not going to see that, but um great quarterback, probably a much better NFL team this next season. And you could obviously hope that maybe you end up getting the New England Patriots bringing in some true wide receiver help in the 2026 off seasonason. Now, let's go ahead and let's look at Bicks. With Bod Knicks, very similar to Jaden Daniels, obviously was an older rookie. All we're going to be 25 years old this next season, but also very similar to Jaden Daniels. He absolutely crushed last year. He was the QB8. If we go through and if we actually look at these game logs, however, and of course you can check all this stuff out on flockfantasy.com for free. Um, if we remove the first month of the season and look at weeks five onwards for Bo Knicks, which I think is fair to do, the dude was a rookie. Um, he was the QB 8 92 14 12 47 26 14 152. He was a viable streamer in reddraft leagues as a rookie. Now, similar to what we saw with like Drake May, it's not like the Denver Broncos went out there and did a ton to invest into the supporting cast with Bode Knicks. They bring in a couple running backs with R.J. Harvey and JK Dobbins, but in reality, I would say the Denver Broncos have one of the worst wide receiver two through four depth charts in the entire NFL. Um, but Bod Knicks extremely young, should be able to help a contender right now, especially if you're playing in a Superflex league and you're able to have Bod Knicks as your quarterback, too, which obviously we review a bunch of teams on the site. And that's what I see very often. Very rarely do I see somebody have Bicks as their true QB1 in Dynasty, unless it was a startup done this off seasonason because typically teams that took Bicks in the early second round of their Dynasty rookie drafts last year already had a solidified guy, whether that was somebody like Patrick Mahomes, Jaylen Herz, etc., etc. Now, let's go over and let's look at Justin Herbert. Herbert is somebody that I recently had to move down our ranks because I want to sit here and I want to go, okay, well, if we look at the larger sample, Justin Herbert is an incredible real life quarterback. Like Herbert is only going to be two years older than what we have with these guys like Bo Knicks and Jaden Daniels. And we've seen just phenomenal seasons with him going through and averaging close to 300 passing yards per game with him going through and averaging over seven adjusted yards per pass attempt. Now, obviously, you're not really going to get the rushing upside. And now what we saw in 2024 in comparison to what we had the previous five seasons of his NFL career, you're just not going to have the passing volume. I mean, with Justin Herbert, it was the first year of his NFL career averaging fewer than 30 passing attempts per game. They go out there and they sign Najias in the offseason and at the same time they drafted Hampton round one. So indications are, yep, this is going to be a team that continues to run the ball over and over and over again. But maybe similar to the Mahomes argument, you just know that he's so damn good, he's going to be a starter forever. And at the same time, even with the passing volume falling through the floor this past year, he was still the QB 13 from a points per game perspective. So maybe you are kind of getting him near his floor. Now, going over to our next quarterback, I got to drop him down as well because I'm still very much a believer in CJ Shroud. Like, let me be on the record here. And that while CJ Shroud had a very disappointing season last year as the QB27, 6.1 adjusted yards per pass attempt. If you go back and look at Straoud's rookie season, from a passing perspective, it was better than what you had from Bo Knicks. It was arguably better than what you had from Jaden Daniels from a passer perspective where you had 8.1 adjusted yards per pass attempt for Straoud in comparison to seven adjusted yards per pass attempt for Jaden Daniels. CJ Shroud as a rookie was sitting here averaging only one interception like every three games. I mean, the man had five interceptions to a total of 23 passing touchdowns as a rookie. Now, year two, it's disgusting. The offensive line is worse. But also, I would make an argument, the wide receiver core is now set up to be in a much better spot in the long term. You bring in both Higgins and Null. this a team that yes maybe is gonna try to run the ball, but I mean are you really going to be able to be successful at that with the offensive line that you have? My hesitation with ranking Shroud higher than this in Dynasty is truly just where he's going in reddraft leagues at the moment. Like y'all know we're streaming underdog drafts at this point every single night. And if you're going to just take a look at where CJ Shroud's getting drafted there for what his expectations are for like contending teams this season, Shroud's currently going as like a lowend QB2. CJ Shroud's a QB 20 off the board. So like how am I going to go through and rank this dude as like a QB7 in dynasty if in reddraft he's getting drafted as a QB20 and I don't think age matters that much at quarterback. I will say he's younger than Bo Nicks. He's younger than Jaden Daniels. I mean, he's only going to be 24 years old this next season, which is just incredible. Um, going over looking at Cam Ward. Um, I am way higher on Cam Ward, I guess, than anybody else on the site. I have Cam Ward ranked at 37th overall in my rankings, and it looks like the expert average on the site actually has him around 50th. My thought process with Cam Ward is number one overall NFL draft pick. If he comes out and puts in a Bo Nigs, Jaden Daniels, or CJ Shroud rookie season, realistically Cam Ward can be a first round start to pick 12 months from now. I know that sounds crazy, but it is in the range of outcomes. If you go back and look at where we were last offseason, Caleb Williams goes number one overall in the NFL draft. And in a very strong draft class with very strong options at the top, it's consensus Caleb Williams is the 101 in rookie drafts. This year, Cam Board goes number one overall in the NFL draft and it's consensus that he's like the 105 106. I don't know. I I like just the insulation that you're getting, especially if you're a rebuilding team with the range of outcomes for where Cam Ward's value can be 12 months from now depending on what happens in his rookie season. Um, if you're looking at where he's getting drafted in reddraft leagues in comparison to some of these other guys, he's going pretty damn close to like CJ Strad with expectations at the moment. Like Cam Ward's QB26 in comparison to Strata QB 20. But of course, if you wanted to actually get in some real fantasy football drafts at this point, don't know we're drafting every single day on Underdog Fantasy. I'll leave a link in the description in the comment section. And again, if you wanted to draft with us, it's going to be on the Flock Fantasy YouTube channel, the main YouTube channel that we have with our basketball drafts, so no time commitment at all during the season. It's how I draft hundreds of teams every year. And if you are somehow not already on Underdog, you can find that link in the description as well as the comment section. And if you use promo code Flock, you'll get a 50% deposit bonus up to $1,000. Plus, on top of that, you're going to be getting all our 2025 fantasy football draft guides and cheat sheets for your leagues on Sleeper, Yahoo, ESPN, etc., etc., etc. Now, going over looking at what we have with Jordan Love. Um, Love's going to be 27 years old this next season. If you're looking at the long-term outlook, I mean, the Packers are bringing in some young depth at wide receiver, so possibly the supporting cast looks to be a little bit better. Now, obviously, the passing volume did come down dramatically for Jordan Love from his first season as a starter to the second year, averaging about 34 passing attempts per game in year 1 and then about 28 passing attempts per game in year two as one of the rush heaviest offenses. But he was a super efficient passer at 7.7 adjusted yards per pass attempt. And maybe you can make an argument, oh, okay, well, Jordan Love just had this significant injury in week one. If y'all remember, we thought Love was going to be out for an insane amount of time. And then the man rushes himself back in week four. Maybe he was just a little too early because you actually did see Jordan Love run the ball a lot less last season in comparison to what he did his first year as a starter. Actually falling from about 14 and a half rushing yards per game down to five and a half. So if Love's a little bit more mobile, a little bit healthier, I think you could see him improve overall. I'm going over and looking at Baker Mayfields. Baker, you get the contract. You get surprisingly a phenomenal wide receiver prospect in round one going to Tampa with Ibuka coming off the best year of his NFL career where he's the QB4 in points per game. He's already 30, but keep in mind Baker doesn't really rely on athleticism too much. I know he did have 22 rushing yards per game this past season, but that was by far and away the best mark that we've seen through his NFL career. And what's kind of crazy is Baker Mayfield's getting drafted as a QB seven in reddraft leagues at the moment and Godwin is going to be there for a couple years. Even if this is Evans's last season, you do have a Buo should be able to take that step forward in year two. Going over looking at Kyler Murray, I feel like I am ahead of the market for Kyler Murray in a reddraft while somehow behind the market with him in dynasty because he's the QB8 off the board in re. I actually think that's kind of priced towards his floor where you've seen the lowest mark that we've ever had from Kyler Murray as the QB 12 in points per game. But in Dynasty where I'm sitting him here inside the same tier with Baker, Love, Cam Ward, and CJ Strad, looking at the average expert ranking, looks like the average experts on the site actually have him closer to like Justin Herbert than we do, which I completely understand it because again, I think in the short term, Kyler's set up to absolutely crush. But given Kyler's size as well as given the injury history that we have as well, I'm a little bit concerned of what the rushing production is going to look like 2 3 years down the road. And if we do lose any of the athleticism with Kyler Murray, if he does have to be more of just a pocket passing quarterback, we're not going to get the um five, six carries per game. We're not going to get the 30 to 35 rushing yards per game. I do think that the longevity may not be here with Kyler the same way that it maybe would with Baker, but in reaff point. Going over looking at our next quarterback with Lawrence, I had to move Lawrence up after the NFL draft. Full transparency, I'm not a big Lawrence guy. Like with Lawrence, if we're just looking at his historical adjusted yards per pass attempt and trying to be as objective about this as possible, Lawrence has been a very bad NFL quarterback. Now, Lawrence, you have things to blame this on, but 4.9, 7.0, 6.3, 6.5 adjusted yards per pass attempt. Lawrence has been bad almost every year of his NFL career outside of his second season. Now, with that in mind, Trevor Lawrence had arguably one of the worst coaching staffs in NFL history, his rookie season. Over the past three years, maybe it wasn't that that much better. And then now you have Liam Cohen coming over. And I know a lot of people are excited that this is finally going to unlock Lawrence. And at the same time with Trevor Lawrence, to be fair to him, he is still very, very young. Trevor Lawrence is only going to be 26 years old this next season. Like the dude's like one year older than Bick's Jane Daniels. And you have Travis Hunter coming in. You have Brian Thomas Jr. taking a step forward in year two. So, Lawrence possibly has the best supporting cast of his career, the best coaching staff of his career, and maybe the cheapest he's ever been. So, it could make a lot of sense to buy low on Lawrence. I just think you have to at least be realistic and acknowledge that the starting point with Lawrence is he's been bad. Um, going over and looking at Brock Party, it seems like Party is trending towards 12 months from now having probably the worst supporting cast of his career. The reason being is obviously one party gets the big new contract. Two, if we're going to be looking at the supporting cast with how it stands now, you have like a one-year wonder or a couple week wonder in Jawan Jennings. You have Iayuk aging and injured. You have McCaffrey aging. I don't necessarily know McAffrey is going to be somebody that we can consistently rely upon two, three years down the road. And we have an unproven Ricky Persol and Debo Samuels already out of town. So with Perty, I think you could very easily have him higher than this if you wanted to. I mean, he was the QB 10 in points per game last season with a very bad supporting cast. And he's also only going to be 26 years old this next season. McCarthy, all the upside in the worlds. Uh Michael Penn, I'd say the same thing. We really haven't seen anything from either quarterback. I know I mean you can pull up the game logs on the site and see that Michael Penn over the past three weeks he had 27 35 and 38 pass temps. So, I mean, a decent little sample, but overall, I mean, he only had a total of 105 pass attempts last year, 6.4 adjusted yards per pass attempt. Like, it's not like Michael Pennix was the best quarterback ever by any stretch of the imagination, right? Um, and McCarthy, we had a good throw in the preseason. So, I'm more so looking at like the expectations for these guys coming into this next year with their supporting cast. And I would say that McCarthy has a phenomenal coaching staff, has arguably the best receiver in the league, and on top of that has a great number two with Jordan Addison and a great tight end with TJ Hawinson. Michael Pennix as a great receiver with Drake London. Michael Pennix flashed um Penn definitely one of these older quarterbacks, very similar to Daniels, very similar to Bo Nicks. um stayed forever in college, obviously had just a crazy way that his collegiate career went where McCarthy is going to be a little bit of that younger option, only going to be 22 years old this next year. Now, I did recently move golf down below these other quarterbacks because I'm a little bit concerned that we may see some aggression with this Lions offense, not only with them losing Ben Johnson, but also now with the offensive line downgrade that we should get with them no longer having an allp pro center there, which we thought they would for years based off his age. But hell, uh, Lions are going to retire early. That's what we know. And if we're looking at Jared Goff, we know we have no rushing upside whatsoever. So, I think you're just kind of getting a consistent quarterback, too, with not much of fantasy football upside in general. You've had zero seasons of his NFL career, and he's been drafted back in 2016, zero years with over 20 fantasy points per game. Um, so I think you know what you're getting. Going over looking at Dak Prescott, um, you could very easily make an argument to have Dak ahead of Goth. And honestly, as we're looking at this, I think we probably should because Dak Prescott's only one year older than Jr. Goth. And at the same time, Dak Prescott's had a total of four seasons with at least 20 fantasy points. You still have CD Lamb in his prime and now you're getting George Pickkins coming over as young George Pickkins as well that may resign after this season. And it seems like Dak should be fully healthy going into this next year. So, if you wanted to put Dak of him, not going to fault you at all. Going over and looking at Bryce Young, very similar to what we did with Trevor Lawrence, we have to at least have a starting point, right? We have to be on the same page that Bryce Young has been a horrible quarterback so far in his NFL career. He's looked a lot better in the second half of the season. Like you can look at the final fiveweek stretch and see that Bryce Young goes through and he has some weeks against the Atlanta Falcons and kind of a meaningless game. He's the number one overall quarterback in fantasy in week 18, right? But 9.2 adjusted yards per pass that week. 8.7, 7.6, 6 5.3 4.9 6.9 8.1 to round out the season. Like Bryce Young looked good at the very end of the year. But if we're just going to look at both seasons, 5.5 and 6.3 yards per pass attempt, 4.5, 5.6 adjusted yards per pass attempt because the dude was throwing almost as many interceptions as passing touchdowns. So Bryce Young's been very bad, but he has a better coaching staff than he used to. And this is now probably going to be the best supporting cast of his career with Legette going into year two, Coker going into year two, and then bringing Tet McMillan in as well. Looking at our next year, we're going to have Tua and Jackson Dart. With Tua, surprisingly young, going to be 27 years old this next year. Here's something that I don't know the answer to. If Tua did not have the most brutal looking concussions in prime time games, would people make as big of a deal out of it? This every time we've seen Tua go down and everybody's held their breath and it seemed like, oh my gosh, we may have somebody dying on the football field, it's been in a prime time game. Like I can tell you where I was both times we've seen that happen. Once I was at Pluckers in Austin with the girlfriend, it was insane. sports bar, everybody going, "Oh, oh my gosh." Second time, Sal and I were hanging out at the house and we were just talking. I was like, "Oh, holy crap." That was both I think were Thursday night games. Um, in reality, like if Tua is able to stay upright, he's been effective in fantasies a quarterback 2 in Dynasty Superflex leagues. If he is healthy, reasonable expectations should be that I don't know, you're starting him every single week in your QB2 slot, maybe when you get to December and the cold weather comes around, then at that point you have to be a little bit concerned. But if he's healthy, the job security should be there. Long-term, maybe you don't know what the Janu Tyreek Wadd core looks like. Um, going over and looking at Jackson Dart, the draft capital isn't the same as Cam Wards. Like if Jackson Dart ends up coming through and he's a mid-c quarterback one in fantasy this next year, he's not going to be around one starter pick next off seasonason. And then at the same time, if we're going to be looking at what we have with the floor, if Jackson Dart's horrible, the Giants will replace him next off seasonason. Like if Cam Ward's horrible, the Titans have to give Cam Ward like three more years. We've seen it with Lawrence. We've seen it with Bryce Young. We've seen it with every round one number one overall pick that gets selected since like Jamarcus Russell. They're going to get the longest leash possible. And Jackson Dart that's probably not going to happen with, but he's set up with Malik Neighbors, one of the best young receivers in the league. Going over looking at Justin Fields, Fields is getting drafted like crazy high in underdog drafts at the moment. Like Justin Fields in reddraft leagues like the QB10 off the board. And yeah, I mean you have Garrett Wilson and at the same time you have all the rushing upside in the world, but um what if Justin Fields is bad, he's probably never going to be starting ever again. this is like his last year. If we're looking at Gino Smith, um Gino Smith's contract indicate that he's probably going to be a multi-year starter, but even with that in mind, like Gino Smith over the past few seasons, one, he's 35 years old, and two, you don't really have QB1 overall upside just because he's not really going to run the ball much. Um going and looking at Sam Darnold, Darnold's deal really just looks like a one-year contract. And Darnold just has so much stink with him that even though he comes through and he puts up the best year of his NFL career with 7.5 adjusted yards per pass attempt um based off the meltdown in the playoffs, he still doesn't really get any respect and doesn't get the contract this off seasonason. So what's the real upside for his value to move? Um looking at Stafford, yes, you can start him for this year. You can have him more so as your QB3 in Dynasty, but he's going to be 37 years old, so you're not going to have him too long. No rushing upside whatsoever. and he's only averaged like 13 and a half through 12 fantas I mean 16 and a half fantasy points per game over the past three seasons. I'm dropping down to our next tier, Anthony Richardson. If he were to be a starting quarterback, you can probably put him in your starting lineup and you can probably get some production in a four-point passing touchdown format just given the rushing upside. But um Anthony may never start again. Tyler Sug's probably going to start, but you're probably not going to be able to put him in your lineup. Um, Daniel Jones may end up being the starting quarterback for the Indianapolis Colts, but I'd rather have Anthony Richardson because if Richardson starts, I'm putting him in my QB2 slot. I can't say the same thing about Daniel Jones. Rogers, you get a one-year rental in Pittsburgh. Um, Jaylen Milro, you definitely have more long-term upside, but Milro has the draft capital that indicates he may never start. We just have no idea. But I really appreciate you. Really hope I was able to help you out with anything in this. And of course, I will be drafting every single night on the live stream over there on Underdog. I would love if you drafted with me. Um, you can find the link to Underdog Fantasy in the description as well as the comment section. I'm sure you're already on there, but just in case you're not, it's best, so there's no time commitment at all during the season. It's not going to take away from your dynasty teams whatsoever. Just some added fun on the side. And if you use promo code Flock, you'll get a 50% a pause bonus up to a,000 bucks. Plus, you'll get all my rankings, draft guide cheat sheets for 2025 for your Yahoo Leagues, for your Sleeper Leagues, for your ESPN leagues. And I think that's all I got for you. I really appreciate you and I really hope I get to see you out with the live stream later tonight.
