Title: Top 50 Dynasty Wide Receiver Rankings & Tiers

The dust has settled in free agency and I want to make sure that we talk about the under the radar winners, the under the radar losers as we go through with this Dynasty wide receiver tier list. But before we get to it, I owe you an apology. We used to make daily dynasty fantasy football videos from about 2018 through 2024. I've been playing Dynasty since 2014. It was my first true love. And yes, we have dramatically lowered the amount that we are posting on YouTube. It has taken me way more time than I thought it would to work on flock fantasy.com every single offseason. I'm trying to make the best Dynasty fantasy football tools that I can with our team of developers for y'all to enjoy every offseason. But I am going to be better going forward about getting y'all Dynasty videos, getting y'all Dynasty live streams, especially now that I know a lot more about this year's rookie class than I did back in January when I was pretty much clueless. Now, let's dive into the wide receiver position. And three guys that I'm not clueless about are going to be the cornerstone assets. JSN, Puka Nakua, as well as Jamar Chase. Now, with JSN and Puka Nakua, I think you could possibly make an argument that they have a quarterback question mark for the long term that you're not getting with Jamar. Obviously Jamar attached to Joe Burrow for the foreseeable future, you're a lot more excited about as opposed to potentially Matthew Stafford retiring in just a year or two. But if we are looking at the age gap that you have with these guys, you have JSN as well as Puganua only sitting at 24 years old in comparison to Jamar Chase at 26. Now, if you are a contending, if you are a rebuilding team, honestly, you don't need to sell any of these guys. If I was a rebuilding roster, I'd probably throw Jamar Chase on the trade block just to see what I could get back. But I mean, ultimately with Jamar Chase, he has posted a top 10 wide receiver finish from a points per game perspective every single year of his NFL career. And he has played at least 12 football games every single season of his career as well. And then with JSN as well as Puganua, they're both coming off seasons where they averaged over 21 fantasy points per game. Now, let's move over to A tier. And an update that I just made on the site is I did just move a Monra St. Brown ahead of CD Lamb. It's not like anything in free agency made this massive swing for me. It's just me waking up, looking at the numbers, and accepting the fact that Aman Ross St. Brown is a 26-year-old wide receiver that is possibly the most consistent player year in and year out. Now, if you look at just the points per game mark for Amanra St. round. He has been a top five wide receiver three seasons straight. But because he plays at least 16 games every single season, he's never played a year without 16 games, you can actually see he's been a top three wide receiver every single year in total fantasy points scored. No reasons to worry about this Detroit Lions offense anytime soon. Going over to CD Lamb, maybe the ceiling's a little bit higher where he did get to almost 24 fantasy points per game back in 2023. Obviously, the points per game were dramatically skewed this past year based off the injury that he had, but you will see in just one second, we have George Pickins ranked pretty damn highly, and I do think that Pickkins will be a Dallas Cowboy for years to come. Now, moving over to Malik Neighbors. Malik Neighbors looked like he was on pace to yet again crush in 2025. In week two against the Dallas Cowboys, Malik Neighbors had 13 targets, nine receptions, 167 receiving yards, and multiple receiving touchdowns. That was coming off a rookie season where he finished as the wide receiver, seven in points per game. And according to flockfantasy.com, as a rookie, he had a 35% team target share. There are reasons to believe that this is a much improved coaching staff and Jackson Dart's going to be a much better quarterback than what Malik Neighbors played with early in his NFL career. The only reason Neighbors going to be down a tier for me is it did appear to be a very significant knee injury that he suffered where he had to wait a an extended period of time to actually get surgery on it this past year. And I'm a little bit worried for what that means with possibly the reinjury rate through his NFL career. And obviously him starting a little bit slower than guys like CD Lamb as well as a Monroe St. Brown at the beginning of 2026. But if you're a rebuilder, I completely understand you preferring Malik Neighbors over the two guys we put ahead of him. Now moving over to Justin Jefferson. Jefferson's quite possibly the most difficult ranking in Dynasty because we saw him from 2021 through 2024 go through a 4-year stretch where he'd finished as a top five wide receiver in points per game every single season and he's played six years in the NFL and he's had at least 16 games played in five of those. So Justin Jefferson doesn't miss time and at the same time we've seen Justin Jefferson be a peak wide receiver through a very large sample and he's only going to be 27 years old this next year. The issue is if he's going to be 27 years old this next season. I kind of want him on a contending team. If I was a rebuilder, this is a player that I may be just throwing on the trade block and for this next year. We don't exactly know what we can bank on with the quarterback play. I'm assuming Kyler Murray is going to be headed over the Minnesota Vikings. At least that's what I would do if I was Minnesota. That's what I would do if I was Kyler Murray. And if that does become official anytime soon, we very easily could be moving Justin Jefferson up to the A tier because while Kyler isn't a phenomenal NFL quarterback, he's a hell of a lot better than nine. Now, going over to Drake London, who possibly just got a new quarterback with Tua, obviously I'm not saying Tua is going to be the starter there. should be Penn, but if Penn struggles, you could see them making that transition. Frankly, it didn't matter how bad the quarterback play was for the Atlanta Falcons this past season because Drake London had 30% of his team's target share. And now Drake London for three out of the four years of his NFL career has had at least 29% of the Atlanta Falcons targets from a points per game perspective. And if we go over and use the range of outcomes tool on flockfantasy.com to get a sense of what Drake London may be in his age 25 season, we can see the closest comp was actually Michael Thomas in 2017. And then Michael Thomas in 2018 at 25 years old, exploded up to 19.7 fantasy points per game. I think that's very much in the range of outcomes for Drake London. Keep in mind, he was drafted at 20, so he's still an incredibly young wide receiver. Now, moving over to our next tier, we are going to be led off with Tetero and McMillan. Obviously, if it was reddraft, you're going to have him way lower than this, but ultimately really strong prospect coming out of last year's draft, and he had a very impressive rookie season. The one thing that I didn't love is he didn't have a clear linear progression, getting better as the season went on. He had that massive spike week in week 11 where he came through and he gave you 33 fantasy points, 130 receiving yards, and multiple receiving touchdowns. But then afterwards, he did fall back down to earth where he averaged about 11 fantasy points per game to cap off the final about seven weeks of his rookie year. But Bryce Young did show some promise and he had a considerable amount of targets in this offense. He had 25% of the Carolina Panthers target share as a rookie. So, it's hard to ask for much more from Tedo McMillan. Now, going over to George Pickkins, it's very difficult to just look at the numbers because the numbers by themselves are unbelievable. Like, George Pickkins at 24 years old this past season averaged 17 fantasy points per game was the wide receiver seven in fantasy. If we go over and use the range of outcomes tool on flockfantasy.com to look at similar age 24 seasons to what we had with George Pickins, you had Michael Thomas, AJ Green, Odell Beckham Jr., Brandon Marshall, Dez Bryant, and Nico Collins. All of whom the following year at 25 years old averaged at least 17 fantasy points per game. And the majority of whom actually ended up getting better at 25 than they were 24. But I do think the raw numbers are just going to be a little bit skewed here given the fact that with George Pickkins, you had that small sample of games where CD Lamb was inactive where George Pickkins was the wide receiver one overall during that stretch. And we're not expecting CD Lamb to miss time this next year. And I do want to stand by that. I think Lamb is the wide receiver one in this offense. But I'm going to have no problem ranking both these guys as wide receiver ones in Dynasty because the passing volume's going to be good in the offense. It's going to be concentrated. They're both young and they're both incredibly talented. Now, Nico Collins is 27 years old, so this is maybe a receiver that if you were rebuilder, you'd be completely fine going out there and throwing him on the trade block. But Nico has had at least a wide receiver one finish in three straight seasons. Like Nico Collins this past year, despite seemingly being very disappointing, still finished the wide receiver 12 in points per game. And it's not like the Houston Texans are going to go out there and dramatically change the way that targets are distributed here in Houston. And Nico honestly had some bad things happening here to skew his fantasy points per game, like leaving early games with a concussion, missing a game in week eight, and then also just finishing as an absolute dud the final two weeks of the year. So, um, Nico still had decent spikes. He has a large sample and he's still in his prime. I don't hate CJ Shroud either in terms of providing points for Nico. Now going over to Chris Ave turned out to be a league winner right the final three weeks of this past season. He went out there and he averaged about 26 fantasy points per game in the fantasy playoffs. Tyler Shuck looked really good during that stretch and Crystal Lave is only going to be 26 years old this next year. Now, one thing that I do want to remind people about with Chris Ave is Alve is at risk with concussions. It's not like he is more likely to see a concussion, but the next concussion he does have, very similar to the Tua effect, you are just going to see an extended absence and that can be a massive hit to his dynasty value. So, if that were to be something that you were concerned about last offseason, there's no reason to believe that those concerns should be completely gone this off season, it's really the same situation, but Ave obviously was incredible last year. And then Garrett Wilson is going to be the last wide receiver in this year. I think Garrett Wilson is a great player. Garrett Wilson had 34% of the New York Jets targets over the past season. And if you look over the past four years since coming into the league, Garrett Wilson has had at least 25% of the New York Jets targets from a pergame perspective every single season. So I think he's incredibly talented. The issue is he's a New York Jet and Gino Smith is about to be his quarterback. He's only 25 years old, so maybe the Jets can put it together in the future and you can see the ascension, but it is just very frustrating for him to be stuck in this situation for so long. Now, moving over to Ibuka, it's incredible. I mean, we just revamped the player pages on flockfantasy.com. So, if you're ever on the site, click on a player, you can see all the information. And if you look at the logs, weeks one through five, he was popping off. And then we see the absolute collapse week six onwards where he went from being a Justin Jefferson level rookie to being a Quinton Johnson level rookie. We'll talk about QJ later in the video. Um, but you have no Mike Evans. Ibuka was an incredible prospect coming out of Ohio State. So, I do want to give him the benefit of the doubt. Chris Godwin at the same time is 30 years old now. Um, but I could very much be overrating Igbuka and I'm not going to sit here and act like that's like he's a guarantee to be a wide receiver one in Dynasty. Um, Llad Mcconi also absolutely face planted this past year. He fell from 15 fantasy points per game as a rookie down to 11.3 fantasy points per game in year two. But the saving grace that you have for Lad Mccon who's going to be 24 years old this next season is Kenan Allen is another year older and I am not really expecting Kenan Allen to have the same impact this next season to what he just did. I think honestly, maybe across the board, myself and the rest of the fantasy football community, we just underestimated Keenan Allen going back to the Los Angeles Chargers where he did end up having 122 targets, 81 receptions, and over 700 receiving yards impacting Lad McConi last season. Now, Luther Burton is a super exciting player. If y'all remember in last year's draft process, a lot of people thought Luther Burton was going to be a round one NFL draft pick. He ends up falling to the Chicago Bears at the top of round two. It's a team that had already had DJ Moore in the building, already drafted Roman round one the year prior. Had just drafted Coulson Lovelin round one the same season and they just add to the riches they already had by selecting Luther Burden at the top of the second round. Now I am seeing just with quick glances at underdog best play drafts those people lose their minds and I think it's because Luther Burden had the week 17 effect right where all the money's won in week 17. That's exactly when he goes ahead and he pops off and then you already had that fire going and you just pour a ton of gasoline on it with DJ Moore getting sent to the Buffalo Bills. But I mean, Luther Burton is a super exciting player. Everybody wants to hammer in on his 2.78 yards per route run from this past year, but I do want to remind y'all he was also only running 14 routes per game. So, it is a very limited sample. Now, Rasheed Rice is an impossible ranking to be honest because every time I open up Twitter and I see Rasheed Rice trending, it's not good. It's It's not good news. This is one of those players that you have to be concerned about his availability in the future. Right. Maybe I'm overestimating and maybe this is just me making a big deal out of nothing, making a mountain out of a molehill, but he's a 26-year-old wide receiver. He's going to be spending time in jail this off season. And you have to assume that the next time something happens with Rasheed Rice, which it seems like it's higher than a 0% chance, the punishment is going to be much more severe. But when he is on the field, he's going to be producing. He averaged 18 and a half fantasy points per game this past year and he averaged 16 fantasy points per game in 2024 before going down with the devastating injury. Now Roma Dunce had a little bit of that Ibuka effect where in the first four weeks he looked like he was going to be a league winner and then he just face planted afterwards. I I think if I had to make a bet on which wide receiver I wanted between Rome and Luther Burton, again, I'm gonna go Luther Burden and Dynasty, I'd possibly go Rome in reddraft. But we have a 2year sample now of Roma being a very disappointing fantasy asset, averaging eight and a half fantasy points in year 1, averaging 12 fantasy points in year two, averaging only 1.7 yards per route run this past season in comparison to Luther Bird in a much higher mark. But obviously Rome's the more uh traditional ex wide receiver that people are going to gravitate to with the size. Now moving over to Tiggins. Tiggins has all the size in the world. Um the issue that you may have here is I really only want teens if I'm a contender. If I'm a rebuilder, this is going to be a player that I throw on the trade block, which obviously isn't the case with Rome. Obviously that's not the case with Burden, Lad, or Ibuka. If you're a rebuilder, contender, those guys fit your build um perfectly fine. um with Tigens. They very much struggled at the beginning of the season. Keep in mind obviously Joe Burrow went down. Um but then later on when the Cincinnati Bengals got competent quarterback play, you did see some pretty massive spikes for Higgins and he's now averaged 14 fantasy points per game in back-to-back seasons. And I would trust him as a high-end wide receiver too on a contending team. Now, going over to Brian Thomas, I simply can't find a historical comp that I think makes sense because in year one, he averages 16.7 fantasy points per game. He was the wide receiver four in total fantasy points, the wide receiver 12 in points per game. That falls down to 9.9 fantasy points per game the following season. I I can't think of an example of this. Obviously, you had the coaching change. You had them trading for Jacobe Myers. Travis Hunter had no impact whatsoever on Brian Thomas this past season. Like, if we go through and if we look at the range of outcomes to on fogfantasy.com to get a sense of similar age 23 seasons, Nico Collins pops up, which is cool. But if you think of the trajectory of Nico Collins, Nico ramped up, ramped up, ramped up to he finally exploded. He He wasn't going in the opposite direction. You had Amari Cooper who kind of stayed flat through his entire career. You had Brandon Iayuk, which honestly maybe Brandon Iuk is the best comp that we would have here because Brandon Iuk had the great rookie season then fell down dramatically in year two. Maybe Sammy Watkins. Sammy Watkins pops up here as well. You can maybe use that Sammy Watkins comp. I loved Watkins in 2014. Then obviously 2015 he disappoints. So maybe that is a much better comp to Brian Thomas would be a player like Sammy Watkins, a player like Brandon and you just have so many questions. It's so difficult to evaluate him. We don't even know what team he's going to be on this next year, but he was so damn good as a rookie. Now, Zay Flowers, a quiet winner from free agency, at least as of now. I mean, I'm recording this right after the Baltimore Ravens backed out of the Max Crosby trade. I didn't even think that was real to be honest when I saw it. Maybe it means they're making a play for AJ Brown. Who knows? You probably know by the time you're watching this video, but at the time that I'm recording this, Dave Flowers appears to be the wide receiver one for Lamar Jackson yet again this next year. He was very disappointing for a large stretch of games during this past year, but he exploded in the final five weeks. So, he ended up averaging 14.3 fantasy points per game, which is a careerhigh at wide receiver 15, and he is only 25 years old. Now, Marvin Harrison has yet to be good in his NFL career. So far, he looks like just an absolute massive bust where he has finished the wide receiver 42, wide receiver 45, but he's only 23 years old. And at the same time, it does look like Jacobe Brassett's going to be their starting quarterback this next season, which obviously Jacobe Brassette loved Michael Wilson, but I still think it's probably good news for the overall passing volume in this offense. Now, Jameson Williams going to be our next wide receiver. I mean, I've said throughout his entire NFL career, pretty much better real life receiver than a fantasy option. And over the past two years, he's been a decent fantasy option. He's averaged 14 fantasy points per game, then 12.9. He's been a borderline top 24 wide receiver in points per game. But I really like what we saw when you actually had Dan Campbell taking over the offensive play calling for the Detroit Lions where Jameson Williams was significantly better in the second half of this past year and he's only going to be 25 years old this next season. Now Devont Smith, AJ Brown are both very difficult rankings while they are Philadelphia Eagles. Now if AJ Brown ends up getting dealt to like the New England Patriots, then both him and Ivons Smith probably move up to Dtier. Both these guys will absolutely skyrocket, but as it stands as of today, you probably have to be concerned about the overall passing volume in Philadelphia. Now, DJ Moore looked washed up this past season, but the absolute best thing that possibly could have happened for him is getting dealt to the Buffalo Bills. Like, in my own dynasty rankings, I had moved him to a range where he was just absolutely tanked. Like if you're using the player pages on flockfantasy.com, you can see that at the beginning of January, I had moved him down to being like wide receiver 53. I he was an afterthought for me because he came through this past season in a phenomenal Bears offense. We played all 17 games finishing as the wide receiver 51. He's going to be 29 years old this next year. But now that he's a Buffalo Bill and the Bills give up a second round pick for him. Hell, I I mean I think you have to love this situation and I think DJ Moore in in the past he was an extremely talented player and it seems like the Bills still believe that he can be. Now Jaylen Wadd is the last guy standing here in Miami. He did get better in 2025 in comparison to what he was in 2024, but still he hasn't been usable in fantasy over the past two years now. and Malik Willis coming in. I don't think it's going to help Wadd. I think Malik Willis can be I I don't know how he's going to be in the NFL. I think he's going to be a good fantasy quarterback is going to run, but for me personally, I haven't seen anything to make me believe he's going to be able to support a wide receiver in fantasy. Like, he was very efficient with the Green Bay Packers, but the efficiency was mainly because they didn't let him throw the ball. So, when they didn't let him throw the ball, the per pass attempt efficiency was skyhigh. Now, Travis Hunter, extremely difficult ranking. We could be ranking a defensive back here at wide receiver 28 or Brian Thomas can end up getting dealt this off seasonason and then Travis Hunter doubles in value. And I think it's a very wide range of outcomes. He's either going to be not startable at all, which is the most likely outcome, but I do think there's still a 10% chance that Travis Hunter is a top five wide receiver in fantasy for years to come. small probability, but he is one of the only guys in this range of the rankings that has that in his range of outcomes at all. Um, Jordan Addison, I think, is a very talented player. He got nuked with how bad the offense was this past year, just like Justin Jefferson, and he's still only 24 years old. Now, of course, with Jordan Addison, you have to be concerned with his off the- field stuff, as it does seem to be one more incident, the punishment's probably going to be much more severe. Michael Wilson won me eight hana money in underdog baseball drafts this past year. He was one of my most drafted receivers, but that was best. I I didn't know he was any good. I was just taking him because he was going to play snaps. Um you have Jacobe Brassette back where Michael Wilson wide receiver 11 onwards scored 33 216 37 16 13 19 and 21 fantasy points. looking at the very similar age 25 seasons, it's honestly not even fair to do because his yearly average is like it doesn't matter. It's meaningless. Look at weeks 1 through 10 versus weeks 11 through 18 in the player comparison tool. Um, so I don't know how to rank Michael Wilson. I think Jacobe Brassette being the starting quarterback is pretty damn good for him, though. Alec Pierce gets a ton of money. Personally, I think Alec Pierce is like a worse version of Jameson Williams. I understand if you're the Indianapolis Colts giving him a lot of money because the type of wide receiver that Alec Pierce is where he's not going to demand a ton of target volume, but he's going to make your offense more efficient overall is very good in the NFL. Just not that good in fantasy. Only averaged 5.6 targets per game this past year and 3.1 receptions per game. Um he's played four years of his NFL career and his career high is 12.2. 2 fantasy points per game, but you have to give them the benefit of the doubt because they now no longer have Michael Pitman Jr., so you can assume that the targets do get bumped up. Now, the other reason we won a lot of money on underdog this past year was Quinton Johnston, our most drafted player. Um, he's going like wide receiver 70ish. We had him finish as the wide receiver, 28 in points per game. Absolutely love it. He's a wide receiver coming off the wide receiver, 28 in points per game. He's only 24 years old. He's a former round one NFL pick and I am still much higher than almost anybody else on the site with him. Like the expert average rankings on flockfantasy.com has him at wide receiver 39. I have him at wide receiver 32. And maybe in the comment section you think this is too high, but he's a 24y old wide receiver and we're ranking him lower than where he finished last year. Now Tara McLaren averaged fewer points than Quinton Johnson. Terry McLaren was also obviously injured. Jayen Daniels was injured this past season. So, I don't know how much you can take away from it, but ultimately Tara Mcllorence had one season of 15 or more points per game his NFL career and he is 30 years old this season. But yeah, a good quarterback play and yet very limited target competition. Now, DK Mechaf as well as Michael Pitman Jr., both Pittsburgh Steelers. I expect this to be a bad offense. I don't know who they bring in a quarterback. Maybe it's Rogers, maybe it's not. They're gonna eat into each other. I think DK is probably the better wide receiver at this point, but I don't think either guy is that exciting. Ricky Pier Saul has some upside. We just haven't seen him stay healthy at the NFL level and we don't know if he can stay healthy at the NFL level where he's only played 11 and nine games through the first two years of his career. Wandell Robinson this past year was the wide receiver, 19 in points per game. He has gotten better every single year of his NFL career in points per game. He had 29% of the targets from a per game perspective for the New York Giants this past season. And he looks like he's the wide receiver one now for the Tennessee Titans. So, uh I maybe they overpaid him. I I think Wandelle's like the opposite of Alec Pierce where he's probably a better fantasy receiver than he is a real life receiver. Um, Christian Watson, I did not think that he was really going to play at all last year with how late in the season of 2024 he tore his ACL, but he played 10 games. He was the wide receiver 21 in points per game, but Christian Watson has never played more than 15 games in a season. So, obviously, you do have injury concerns with Watson. Devonte Adams, very strong asset for contending teams. If you're a rebuilder, you have zero interest in him whatsoever. If you are a contender, you're very excited to hold on to Devonte Adams here and get another season out of him. But I I really can't imagine Devonte Adams next season in 2027 giving you much because we have to assume that at 34 he's probably half the player that he was. And at the same time, we don't exactly know the situation with Stafford by that point. Um Courtland Sutton will be our next receiver. 30 years old, limited competition, decent quarterback play, coming off of a season where he just finished the wide receiver 24. Um, Xavier Worthy, I drafted a ton in underdog basketball drafts last year. I had them ranked way too high in my dynasty rankings last season. Um, you can just pull up the rankings change overtime chart on flockfantasy.com and you can see that last year he peaked as the wide receiver 19 in the expert average rankings and now he is down at wide receiver 40 in those. If you actually select my rankings, he peaked at wide receiver 15. Um, and now he is down here at wide receiver 41. So, um, it is a sad sight to see for worthy, but ultimately he hasn't proven anything at all with the Kansas City Chiefs. I do have to throw up the Hookham horns, though. Now, Parker Washington is somebody who's actually improved quite dramatically. Um, year 1, four and a half fantasy points per game. Year two, 5.7, year three, 10.8. I'm going to be a little hesitant with Parker Washington, however, knowing that we could go through and we could see a couple different outcomes. We could see Travis Hunter end up playing wide receiver and then all of a sudden Parker Washington's the fourth option for the Jacksonville Jaguars or we could see Brian Thomas Jr. traded and then obviously Parker Washington goes to the moon. very strong into the season last year and honestly I never thought that we would be ranking him here. Now moving down to the H tier, Matthew Golden, I didn't like him as a prospect last season. The analytical profile was garbage. Um and yeah, he did nothing as a rookie, but yeah, no Romeo Dobs now. Maybe that helps. Jaden Higgins had a decent analytical profile. He doesn't really do much as a rookie. Um, and honestly, it's going to be hard to find too many targets in Houston anyway with Nico Collins there. Chris Godwin, I made the mistake thinking that he was going to come back earlier than he did last season and he really didn't do anything at all. He had a decent week 17, but the hope is he's fully healthy this next year with no Mike Evans and then all of a sudden he is an asset that you can use. Mike Evans was the wide receiver 46 in points per game this past season, but obviously he was very much injured going over to the ners with a decent contract with George KD injured. Does appear that he can be the wide receiver one there. Jacobe Myers had a very good season for the Jacksonville Jaguars after he got added to the team last year. He looked to be the wide receiver one really. Um, but he is a 29year-old wide receiver where I do think I'd prefer the younger options such as Parker Washington, such as Travis Hunter where I think they have a little bit of a higher ceiling. I mean, the highest mark that we've ever seen Jacobe Myers get to is 14 and a half fantasy points per game. Romeo Dobs going over to the New England Patriots. I may need to move up these rankings because obviously this is the best landing spot he could have possibly had. There's no competition there whatsoever outside of Kahan Booty. Drake May is a great quarterback, but he's never finished higher than wide receiver, 44 in points per game, and he's 26 years old. Um Jawan Jennings, we'll see where he ends up. Obviously, I'll update the rankings from there. Jaden Reed's never finished higher than the wide receiver, 24, and that was his rookie season, but you do get the bump that no Romeo Doss means more targets going to be available overall. However, Tucker Craft will be back. But I think that's all I got for you. I really appreciate you. I hope I was able to help you out in some way with this. Again, I want to apologize for not making as many Dynasty videos as I used to. I still want to be here for y'all, but so much of my time is going into flockfantasy.com, making sure we can get you the best tools possible, and obviously I need to help the devs in every way that I can with that. But much love, ladies and gentlemen. I hopefully we'll be back soon with quarterback and with tight end rankings. And yeah, I'll see you in that
