Title: Top 30 Dynasty Tight End Rankings & Tiers

I'm really going to talk in depth about if you should be targeting or avoiding players based on if you're a rebuilding or a contending roster as we go through these tiers. Now, tier one, Brock Bowers is by himself in dynasty reddraft and baseball. So, if you were a contending team, if he's the tight end one everywhere, this is the perfect guy to have at the position. If you're a rebuilder, well, the man's only going to be 23 years old this next season. He should very realistically be able to hold on to value over the next 12 months. So Bowowers is truly one of those cornerstone assets that can fit a rebuilder, can fit a contender, and there'd really be only one reason that you'd trade him, and that's if a leaguemate gives you a godfather offer. I mean, really, we can't compare him to the other tight ends. If you're looking at what he gave you last season in non-tighten premium formats, the man averaged 15 and a half fantasy points per game. He had 2.25 yards per route run. And if we look back since the year 2000, the only tight end to ever have a better age 22 season than Brock Bowers was Rob Gronowski, who was a perennial round one fantasy pick at the tight end position. So the only thing you could possibly discuss about Bowowers is where you're ranking him alongside the other wide receivers. I have five wide receivers ahead of Bowers at the moment. I have him smack dab in the middle between Brian Thomas as well as Puka Nua. Obviously, if you were going to be playing in a tight end premium format that you have to start two tight ends, then at that point you can make a very real argument for Bowowers to jump Puka Lamb neighbors in my rankings and to be up with Chason Jefferson. Now, if you're playing in a tight end premium format with only 1.5 points per reception for the tight end position, then you don't really have to make too many drastic adjustments. Now, in the second tier by himself, also in reddraft and in dynasty, is going to be Trey McBride. McBride definitely an older player, right? I mean, he's only been relevant for two seasons, but he's already gonna be 26 years old this next year. Now, of course, if you're a rebuilder, I'm not going to come out here and scream, "Oh my gosh, you need to sell Trey McBride." In reality, McBride does have some room for his value to go up, and that would have to be with his touchdown rate. Because if we go through and look at the first three years of his NFL career, Trey McBride has averaged about 0.2 2 touchdowns per game. This is despite over the past two seasons averaging about seven and a half targets per game. So McBride is looking at one of the lowest touchdown rates in the entire NFL, the man had almost a 30% team target share last year where if we can get that touchdown rate up to just five 6% doesn't need to be anything crazy. Then at that point, Trey McBride may see his points per game actually climb up to about 18, which would obviously just be an absolute cheat code and could put him inside the same tier as Bowers for reddraft purposes. The age just won't let him get there for Dynasty. Um, if we're going to compare his age 25 season to all tight ends since the year 2000, guys that are similar were Rob Gronkowski, George KD, Jordan Reed, Antonio Gates, Jason Whitten, Vernon Davis, Austin Hooper, Jordan Cameron. Um, if we're looking at the expected points per game the following season, you do typically have these guys sliding down just a bit about down to 14 15 points per game at 26 years old. But I actually think that you could see improvement from McBride because the touchdown rate we talked about previously. Now going over to our next tight ends, we are going to look at Sam Leaporta. Leaporta I'm going to have it as own tier. I know some people for dynasty purposes may want to go ahead and jump the rookies like Lovelin and Tyler Warren up here. We'll talk about them in just one second. But my thing with Leaporta is if we go back to his rookie season, the man was tied in three in points per game just like Brock Bowers. Now, definitely there was a gap between the two. I mean, Leaporta was sitting at about 14 points per game as a rookie in comparison to Brock Bowers at about 15 and a half. So, I'm not trying to say that they had the same exact rookie season, but before Brock Bowers, Sam Leaporta put up the best tight end rookie season that we have ever seen for fantasy football. Now, obviously, massive whiff last year. Hell, in reddraft leagues, I thought he was a smash pick in round four. Clearly did not work out. may or may not have tanked my team in the flock league. But regardless, if we are looking at what happened with Leaporta's season, he really came on strong in the second half of the year. And I think a lot of this had to do maybe just with the injury that Leaporta saw in training camp last season. Because if you look at like weeks 3 through 11, Leaporta's route participation, and obviously this is all on flockfantasy.com, was 17, 17, 15, 22, 13, 15, 17 routes per week. Then you don't have him play in week 11. Then coming out of that game, the snap rate jumps up to weeks 12 through 18. Every week he plays at least 90% of the snaps. And on top of that, if we're looking at the routes, 29, 29, 35, 52, 23, 26, 25. So what this tells me is maybe that injury that was lingering with Leaporta before the season started, it took him a while to actually get over that. And once he truly was, he was right back to the tight end that he was his rookie season. So, I'm going to put Leaporta in the third spot. Leaporta still incredibly young, 24 years old. If you're a rebuilder, if you're a contender, this is an asset that you should hold on to. Going over to our next two tight ends, these are perfect options for rebuilding rosters. We're going to look at both Loveland and Tyler Bourne. Now, I completely understand if anybody else wanted to go through and put Tyler Bourne ahead of Loveland. I think both are phenomenal prospects overall. Obviously, Lovelin had the absolute crazy market share numbers at Michigan, even if the overall statistics weren't great just because the passing volume wasn't there. And then in the case of Tyler Warren, the passing volume was insane. The man goes out there and puts up one of the most prolific tight end seasons that we've ever seen in college football. Now, both have drawbacks with Lovelin. Why I am putting him ahead of Warren in Dynasty in particular is Lovelin's drawback is the target competition. You have Roma Dunce, you have DJ Moore, and you have Luther Burton in Chicago. That's going to be a lot. One thing you don't have to worry about though is going to be the quarterback play with Lovelin, you have Caleb Williams there for years to come. Going over to Tyler Warren on the other instance, what's the situation this next season? But more importantly, what the hell's the situation in 2026, in 2027? It's extremely difficult to figure out what the passing volume is going to look like for a player like Tyler Warren. Um, so for dynasty purposes, I'm going to put Lovelin ahead of him. Also, Loveland is a couple years younger as well. But if you're a contending team, I wouldn't fault you at all for trying to trade one of these rookie tight ends, maybe for a tight end that's a tier below them here and actually picking up an additional asset because going over and looking at T.J. Hawinson, I'd very clearly rather have T.J. Hawinson this next season. From a dynasty perspective though, Hawinson's going to be 28 years old. So, this is an asset at this point that if I was a rebuilding team, even if I absolutely love TJ Hawinson, there's a lot of room for his value to decrease over the next 12 months where if I could cash out in a Titan premium format, go pick up a 2026 first. Honestly, you probably should on a rebuilding roster. Looking at Hawinson this past season, Titan 17 from a points per game perspective, very, very bad. Obviously not exciting in the slightest. However, if you dive into why this was the case, it's completely excusable. We know Hawinson has the devastating end of season injury in 2023. He starts off extremely slow where he's only playing 44% of the snaps, 45% of the snaps, 49%, 70%, 65%, 65%. The man just simply does not see the same snap rate that he has when he's fully healthy. You go back to 2023, he played 80% of his snaps. 2022, 84%. 2021, 84%. Hawinson's the tight end that will be out there, win fully healthy, 80 plus% of the snaps for the Minnesota Vikings. And if you look at the underlying efficiency of TJ Hawinson, the man had 2.61 yards per route run this past season. The efficiency was absolutely phenomenal, better than it's ever been. The only difficult part of this is simply T.J. Hawinson wasn't healthy enough to make a difference last season. Should be fully healthy this next year. Asset that I'm very excited about to contend with over the next few seasons on a contending team. But again, if I'm a rebuilder, I'd probably look to throw him on the trade block. And if I was a rebuilder, you absolutely have to sell George KD. I'm looking at KD. Yes, super exciting player for this year, especially now that you have Ricky Pierol banged up. You have Brandon coming off the tourn ACL. And if you look at what KD was able to accomplish this past season, KD gives you one of the best seasons of his NFL career at 15.77 points per game, which was actually higher than Brock Bowers. And technically, KD does finish as the Tien one overall in points per game. He had over three yards per route run, which was the first time that we saw this since 2019. He had a target share of 22%, which is higher than both what happened in 2023 and 2022. So George KD in his 30s at this point is putting up the best seasons, the best numbers of his NFL career. Now a lot of that had to do with the fact that we look back this past season, you had the IU injury, you had the Ricky Pier Saul injury, you had the CMC injury, Debo Samuel was fat. So the numbers may be a little bit skew. I would be maybe a little bit more hesitant on KD in red draft leagues this year if Ricky Pierol's injury is not too serious. I think he will have added competition and he is going to be 32 years old. So, um, for a dynasty perspective, I really only want this dude if I'm a contender. If I'm a rebuilder, clearly I am looking to sell him. And now the question for reddraft leagues is like he's going in round five of underdog drafts right next to somebody like Joe Mixon, which I don't necessarily know how you feel about drafting him there. Now going over looking at our next tier. This is where it gets very murky and very much a gray area. I'm gonna put Tucker Craft to the top of this tier. The reason being I am very excited about Tucker Craft for a rebuilding team. I'm very excited about Tucker Craft for a contending team. The man's only going to be 25 years old this next season. And we look at the jump that he had from his rookie year to his second year and it was everything you'd ever want to see. like just pulling these numbers up. And again, all this is on the site, completely free for y'all. Just go to the rankings page, click a name, and you can see the drop down, select whatever you want. But from his rookie season to his second year, he jumps from 56% of the snaps up to 86%. His yards per route run jumped from 1.24 up to 2.63. His target share jumps from 7.1% up to 15.1%. So Tucker Craft from year 1 to year two became a much more involved player in this offense which typically you would assume gets a scale back with the efficiency. However, he was able to improve the efficiency at the same time. So I'm super excited about Craft both for this season as well as the long term. Our next few guys, they're just contending pieces, right? Like looking at David and Jooku, David and Jooku is going to be 29 years old this next season. And I know a lot of people want to look at the passing volume in Cleveland when you had Jameus Winston, when you had Joe Flacco a couple years back and go, "Oh, cool. We got Flacco this next year. We going to expect this to be an above average P." You look back, Joe Flacco hasn't started like 10 NFL games since 2017. Like I don't know how many games we get out of 40-year-old Joe Flacco. And also at the same time, I don't necessarily know what the passing volume is really going to look like. If we're looking at Las Vegas win totals at the moment, the Cleveland Browns do project out to be the worst team in the NFL. Now, of course, that's not the worst offense. Specifically, not the worst passing offense in the NFL, but it is worth noting. Now, David Ajoku, very effective tight end of fantasy over the past three seasons, top 10 finishes every single year. We did see the drop off in efficiency in 2024, down to 1.54 yards per route run, but the efficiency was up at about 23% which was the highest mark of his NFL career. So, if you're a contender, I think you can rely on David and Jooku for like low-end titan one production. But if I'm a rebuilder, I'd look to sell him the same thing. If I'm a rebuilder, I'm looking to sell Mark Andrews. Mark Andrews gonna be 30 years old this next season. And with Andrews, the impressive thing that we've seen is since 2018, every single year he has been a top 10 tight end in fantasy, which obviously super exciting. We go back and we look at what he was able to accomplish in 2024. He was the tight end eight, which maybe isn't a massive red flag. However, if you look at the underlying numbers, I am terrified. Mainly the usage in this offense. Mark Andrews went from 22% of his team's targets down to 15%. And hell, he's been falling for a while. Now, we go back to 2022, he was at a 29% team target share. Now, this past season, he was at a 15%. So, we are seeing the consistent slide for Mark Andrews. The saving grace for Andrews is like one out of every five or six targets he had, he scored a touchdown. Like he's the exact opposite of the guy that we saw in Arizona with Trey McBride. But if those touchdowns go away, Mark Andrews may not be startable. Like, and you're only really looking at him on a contending team and what he can do this year anyway. Going over and looking at Dalton Concincaid, um Concaid was not startable last season. God knows if Concade's going to be startable this year. And while Conincaid is only going into year three, he was a very old player coming into the NFL. So, he's already going to be 26 years old this season. And you did see some warning signs here where you actually had the snap rate fall from 66% for Dalton Concade down to 58% from 2023 to 2024. And you saw him fall from about 9 and a half points per game down to about 7 and 12 points per game over those two seasons. So, those are the concerning areas. The saving grace with Dalton Concincaid is when he was healthy and on the field, he was a more efficient tight end in year two than year one, he did have 1.75 yards per out run. Target share up at about 20% and we're pulling all these numbers just from the games that he is playing. Right. So, if we wanted to give Concaid the benefit of the doubt, he is a round one NFL pick only going into his third season attached to one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL with very little target competition. So, if you wanted to go his direction, you can, but obviously it is terrifying. Looking at Kyle Pittz, um Kyle Pittz has not been startable for years now. Kyle Pittz, his rookie season, he goes out and he's the tight end 10 in points per game. And before we see Brock Bowers, before we see Sam Leaport, it's like, oh my gosh, this is like the best rookie tight end season that we've had in forever. And he was the best tight end prospect of all time. Kyle Pittz is the man. And then over the past three seasons, he's given you the Titan 21, the Titan 17, and the Titan 21 finish. You've never seen him get back to that 2.19 yards per out run that he had in his rookie season. I know a lot of people are maybe excited like, oh, week 17 with Michael Penn, he scores a touchdown and has 14 and a half fantasy points. In reality, Kyle Pitch just does not look good. Saving grace, he's about the same age as R.J. Harvey still incredibly young. You have had just consistent churn with his coaching staff as well as his quarterback play. Maybe that is worth mentioning, but Kyle Pittz looks like he's a complete dud. You could move him down these rankings if you really wanted to. You could move Isaiah likely over him. Isaiah likely same age as Pitts likely similar to Pitts has not been usable in fantasy over the past three years outside of maybe going for all your league mates fab in reddraft leagues after week one this past season. What's interesting to note with likely is he is trending in the right way with both his yards per rout and his target share. He jumps up from about 1.57 yards per route run to 1.93 this past year and he jumps up from about 8 and a half% of his team's target share up to about 13.5%. Now the thing with likely is he's probably not going to be viable unless we were to get an injury to Mark Andrews or Andrews completely fizzles out. So, like like I said, we are just in the absolute graveyard, the dead zone, whatever you want to call it, of the tight end position in Dynasty. Honestly, we can go through and we can carry this over with our next few guys. Like, our next few guys have reasons for you to be excited, but like with Janu Smith, Jonnu Smith was an absolute crusher in the second half of the season. And I'll say real quick with Jonnu, obviously you only want him if you're going to be on a contending team. Like Johnny Smith's going to be 30 years old this next season. If I'm a rebuilder, I'm selling this dude for a second and a third if I can get it in a tight end premium format, which you probably can't. But looking at the second half of the year, he was the tight end 2 4 7 1 9 14 and tight end three. Once he started getting the snaps and actually running the routes in Miami and Tua was back, John Smith was one of the best tight ends in fantasy. I mean, even though he does absolutely nothing to start the year, he still manages to post the Titan five season in points per game. Now, my hesitation with Jonnu Smith, and this is something that I always do, especially in Dynasty, where we can take a step back and we can look at a larger sample, is John Smith has been now with four NFL teams, and we've had eight viable weeks. We've had an 8week stretch of this 30-year-old tight end has played with four different teams with god knows how many different quarterbacks and in the vast majority of those instances he wasn't usable. Like if we go through and we look at his points per game from 2017 to 2023, 3.5, 5.3, 6.9, 9.3, 4.2, 3.7, 7.3, and then obviously we have the jump this past year. So typically whenever I'm looking at that like random 8-w weekek breakout stretch from a 29year-old player that is something I'd expect to get scaled back. Going over looking at Evan Ingram. Obviously I'm not a super big fan of investing into players that essentially get cut by their NFL teams to save money going into their age 31 seasons. Now, with that being said, um Evan Ingram did have a 25% team target share in the games he played last year. He did have 1.89 yards per route run. So, while the fantasy points dropped off, the overall efficiency numbers looked fine, it may have just been that the Jacksonville Jaguars were a horrendous offense and the Denver Broncos are going to be much better this next year. Um, again, I I'm typically worried about these guys changing teams at 31 years olds that their previous team completely gives up on them to just save money. And Evan Ingram is only somebody that you would ever consider on a contender. Kelsey's also somebody you ever only consider on a contender. But with Evan Ingram, like if he performs well this next season, maybe you have a two-year runway. With Kelsey, the absolute best case scenario is you only get one season left. The man's going to be 36 years old this next year. Um, obviously the worst season that we've seen from Kelsey in quite some time in 2024. Like we can date this back to 2016 where Travis Kelce has been the tight end one one one two one one and then this past year the Titan seven. You've seen three straight years of him falling off with his yards per route run. At this point target share looked fine this past year. Maybe, just maybe, Mahomes's overall passing volume improves and that actually helps Kelsey be that stop gap for one season for you. Going over and looking at Jake Ferguson, I would have been more excited about Ferguson if it wasn't for the pickings trade just because he would have been deacto like the number two option there. But this past season, you get seven and a half fantasy points when you have literally no competition. Your only competition CD Lamb. So, I still don't think Ferguson's a great player by any stretch of the imagination. But if you do have a fully healthy Dak Prescott and this offense gets back to being um an above average passing unit and you don't have a lot of depth in the wide receiver court, Ferguson could be startable and he's only going to be 26. Going over to our next tier, looking at Pat Frymuth. One, the man just simply does not know how to lateral the ball, which if you watch the Flock League, you can remember. And two, the passing volume is just not really going to be existent in Pittsburgh this next season. You bring in DK Mechaf, who should be an upgrade over George Pickins with the target competition. You have a rush first offense and similar to what we were saying with like the Indianapolis Colts where the Colts are too good of a football team to ever get the number one overall pick to get the number two overall pick and actually bring in a quarterback that's exciting to elevate the overall offense. The Steelers are kind of the same way at this point. Like there's no way the Steelers earn the number one overall pick this next season. The Steelers have garbage quarterback play now and I don't see how that changes over the next few seasons. I'm looking at Kottton. Kottton was the tight end 12 this past year while at the same time he's only going to be 26 years old but you bring in Ibuka Godwin's healthy Evans healthy like target competition is through the roof for Kate Oddton who's never been an efficient player like his first two years of his NFL career he averaged fewer than one yard per route run going over looking at Dallas Goddard maybe we should move Dallas Goddard up obviously the passing volume is not great in Philadelphia um Goddard has been like a borderline lowend been tied in one over the past few seasons. He's never had a touchdown rate higher than 0.3, which just is concerning and does cap his overall ceiling. And we're looking at a 30-year-old player that would only really be viable for a contending team. And if I'm a contending team, I'm hoping to have a better tight end than Dallas. Obviously, if you're a rebuilder, you can look at Mason Taylor. You can look at Terren Ferguson. I think Taylor's probably the better option for this season just given the lack of overall target competition that you have with the Jets. But Ferguson has a phenomenal prospect profile. Issue will be in the long term. You don't know what Stafford looks like years in the future. Going down to our next tier, looking at Elijah Royo, you do get the draft capital, but you're in a bad offense. And not only are you in a bad offense, but it does look like you have a worse prospect profile than what we're going to see with like Mason Taylor and Terence Ferguson. Going over and looking at Britain Strange. Passing volume's never been great in Jacksonville. Britain Strange has never proven anything. He did have 1.92 yards per out run this past season, which obviously wasn't horrible. Going over and looking at Javon Sanders, I thought Sanders had a better season than he really did. You had that like month long stretch in the middle of the year before he gets injured where he did look like he was trending towards being a viable player, but the efficiency was never really there. 1.2 yards per route run. going over and looking at Chig. He's never been a viable tight end. He's played three years in the NFL at this point. His best finish ever was tight in 27, but hopefully the quarterback play with Cam Ward elevates the overall offense. Harold Fannon, I think this is just the perfect example of a tight end that like what the hell is his dynasty value going to be 12 months from now? He's he's going to be in a garbage offense where David and Jooke is going to be the guy. This is like the perfect example of a player that somebody's going to stash on their taxi squad. They're going to give up on him 12 months from now and you can get him as an free throw in in any deal whatsoever. I want to look at Noah Gray, but at the same time, I don't know if we would even know who Noah Gray was if he didn't play for the Kansas City Chiefs. Like, the efficiency was solid this past year at 1.88 eight yards per route run, but the three previous seasons, the efficiency had always been bad. Even in those stretches where Kelsey went down looking at Mikei, if you are a true contender, maybe you think he's interesting, but he has an a he's averaged 10 points per game one year in his NFL career, and that was back in 2020. So, honestly, maybe we need to end up moving Hunter Henry up these rankings because if I had to find one guy that I think could um help a contending team, maybe it'd be Hunter Henry. But similar to what we just said with Gaseki, last time Hunter Henry averaged 10 or more points was back in 2020 when he was a Los Angeles Charger. He's going to be 31 years old this next season. Would only really help a contending team. It's like if I'm a contending team, I really hope I have a better tight end than Hunter Henry. But I really hope I was able to help you out in some way with these rankings. Again, you can always check out the rankings on the site. Um, the expert rankings are free and you can also click those players, look at the drop down, check out all the valuable stats, including the advanced stats that you'd want. But I really appreciate you. Really hope I was able to help you out in some way and really hope we get to see you out on a live stream sometime
