Title: Top 20 Dynasty Tight End Rankings & Tiers

since I started playing Dynasty in 2014. The tight end position has bamboozled me every year. Literally every year I'm like, "Okay, yeah, the position's good now. Um, we have Eric Ebron coming in. Oh, we have OJ. Howard coming in. Oh, we have Noah Fant coming in. The landscape's about to change." It never does. The position was gross back then. It's gross now, but sadly it hasn't been removed from fantasy football leagues. So, we have to go through, we have to rank these guys, and we have to talk about them. Um, I guess the excitement is going to be at the beginning of this video when we actually get to talk about like the five guys you want on your team. Starting off with Brock Bowers. There's not much to discuss, right? I mean, this is a player that was so talented with the ball in his hands. He was a tight end at Georgia that they would give carries once they got into the red zone. Literally, since I've been playing Dynasty over the past 10 years, it's the only time that I've ever seen a tight end's get involvement almost as a running back where you go back to his time at Georgia. The dude has five rushing touchdowns. The dude has almost 200 rushing. Insane, right? He was hyped up as a rookie prospect. People are saying the best rookie prospect that we've ever seen. I do think that was Kyle Pitts. Talk about Pitts later on, but regardless, he comes in, he puts up the best rookie tight end season of all time. And now very easily we can say, okay, yeah, this dude is the Titan one in dynasty. If you look at reddraft leagues right now, like in underdog drafts, he's going rounds ahead of anybody else. So he's the Titan one in reddraft and he's 23 freaking years old. If you look at his comparable seasons at 22 years old, the only players that had better years at 22 years old or even comparable seasons were Aaron Hernandez and Rob Gronowski. And that was it. Hernandez had the same points per game. Grank averaged five more points per game, but he had also been in the NFL for a year. So, insane tight end. If we're ranking him next to rookie picks, um it's either him or the 101. They're in the same tier. If you want Ash Dash and Genty over Bowers, not going to fault you for it. If you want Bowers over Genty, not going to fault you for it. Um going down to tier two, there's also only one player in this tier. Obviously, you're looking at a different pick range. We're going to have Trey McBride here. I think you could put McBride right alongside like Hampton, McMillan, Travis Hunter if he plays wide receiver, Cam Ward if he goes number one overall. This tier in your rookie drafts, but again, you're not comparing him really to any other tight end in dynasty. What's actually funny is it seems like he is younger than he actually is. I mean, he's going to be 26 years old this next season. However, you really only have like one and a half years of fantasy relevance, but this past year, phenomenal. If you're looking at counting stats, the dude had 111 receptions and almost 1,200 receiving yards as a tight end. And one thing you really have to be on the lookout with McBride for is going to be the touchdown rate because we have seen tight ends, we'll talk about Dallas later in this video, that through their entire career, they are never really able to go ahead and actually fix and maybe get to a league average TD rate where in the red zone, they're just not necessarily utilized. But on the flip side of this, you always see tight ends that um maybe run hot with touchdowns. It goes in the other direction the following year. Or maybe vice versa, they don't run hot with touchdowns and the following year they have a a bunch. I we can go through and look at examples of this. Say, um George KD goes from 6 to 11 touchdowns 2021 to 2022. um going ahead and looking at maybe an option that is a little bit less exciting than George KD but in the similar light. You look at John Smith going from three touchdowns to eight touchdowns the following year. These players are able to kind of come closer to a league average touchdown rates. If McBride can do that, he can be in the Brock Bowers tier. But up until this point, McBride's had about 300 targets through his NFL career and he's had six touchdowns. So, the volume's been phenomenal. Typically, we want to chase volume. And where the monster season could possibly come from is can he get the 111 receptions, but at the same time score 10 touchdowns, have a 10% touchdown rate. If he's able to do that, he can put up wide receiver one production numbers in your tight end slot. Now, maybe he's Dallas GD. Maybe they don't use him in the red zone. Maybe that's never going to change. Maybe he's never going to score touchdowns. We will see. But the volume numbers are phenomenal, especially in a 1.5 point per reception league. Going over to Sam Laaporta, before Brock Bowers, this past season, Sam Leaporta arguably put up the best rookie tight end season that we've ever seen for fantasy football purposes. The dude drops 240 points in a full PPR format as a rookie. Now, in his second season, this does come back down to earth dramatically. And it's across the board. It's not just the touchdowns were gone, right? Because I've heard a lot of people say, "Oh, he just got lucky with touchdowns year one. That didn't happen year two." No. I mean, the receptions per game were down, the targets per game were down, the receiving yards per game were down, the touchdowns per everything was down. The only thing that increased was his yards per reception. So, yes, maybe he's a little bit of a quote unquote bigger threat, but it was a down year, too. And trust me, I really like this guy after his rookie season. I wish I didn't draft as much of him. And what's maybe a little bit concerning with Leaporta is if you go look at his age 23 season and we look at the fact that I mean he had three and a half receptions per game, 5.1 targets per game, 44 receiving yards per game, and about 10.8 fantasy points per game. The historical range of outcomes for those 23-year-old tight end seasons, they're not great. You have like Pat Frymuth, Kyle Rudolph, Jason Whitten, Fred Davis, Vernon Davis. I mean Vernon Davis obviously but anyway you have a bunch of tight ends that they're not top three options in Dynasty maybe a Jason Whitten you consistently every single year you get a tight end one finish but he's like the titan nine so definitely have to lower expectations with Leaporta in comparison to where they previously were if you remember going back to last offseason where he was valued wasn't to the same extent of Brock Bowers but I mean hell you could have traded Leaporta for the 103 and you have no shot of doing that this year I would have Leaporta ranked right around like the 106 6 107 range. Um, and of course, if you want to check out our rookie rankings, if you want to see where like Lovelin, Tyler Warren are, you can always go over to the site, bunch of free things on the site. You can even link your dynasty team, see exactly what you need to be working on in terms of positional, see where you stack up with the power rankings in your league. That's all free on fogfantasy.com. I'll leave the link in the description and comment section. Um, TJ Hawinson will be your next option. Hawinson's going to be 28 years old this next year. So, Hawinson, unlike Leapora or unlike Bowers, you probably don't want on a rebuilding team, right? I'm not saying Hawinson's going to fall off in 2026 or 2027, but from a value proposition standpoint, you're really betting on the production and not necessarily value acrment. Whereas, you could buy low on Sam Leaporta and possibly he does actually increase in dynasty value going into next off season. Um, for that to happen with Hawinson, the dude would legit have to be, I mean, the Titan one or Titan 2 for him to increase in value going into his age 29 year. But all that besides the point, it's 2024 season you can't really look at, right? 2024 season, people were saying that Hawinson wasn't gonna play. If he did play, he wasn't really gonna have a big impact. He was going to come in the last month of the year. Remember, people weren't necessarily expecting the Sam Darnold Minnesota Vikings to be as good as they were. So, Hawinson did come back earlier than they're expecting. He played 10 games, but again, the per game numbers, you're just going to be thrown out of whack, especially the points per game. He scored zero touchdowns off of 62 targets where if you look at the historical touchdown rate, it's not like Hawinson is out there and scoring 10, 11, 12 touchdowns every year. He's not Groank, but at the same time a respectable. He's not Val Gddard. He's not Trey McBride so far. Where you are looking at seasons where he's averaging about five, six touchdowns per year. Um concern with Hawinson, of course, is you have a long list of injuries. I mean, if you're looking at the amount of seasons that he's actually played 16, 17 games, you got 2020 and 2022 outside of that misses time year one, misses time in 2021. Obviously, devastating injury at the end of 2023 that bleeds into 2024. If you're looking at the setup this next year as well, I mean, not only does he have to compete with arguably the most talented or second most talented receiver in the league, with Jefferson, but he also has to compete with Jordan Addison, who's a very formidable wide receiver, too, here in Minnesota. And the coaching staff's great. JJ McCarthy has upside, but we can't sit here and say, "Oh, yeah, we know for sure that McCarthy is going to be at the top of the NFL when it comes to passing volume." Um, so Hawk's fine. Like, he's looked great in the past. Efficiency numbers have been great. I mean, he was up at 14 and a half fantasy points per game in Minnesota in 2023. I'm dropping down to our next tier. It's going to be a tier guys that you're only interested if you're a contender, right? I mean, George KD, if you're a contender, you'd have him way higher in these rankings. I'm going to rank him around like the 111, 112. If you're rebuilder, there's no way in hell you want KD. The dude's 32 years old. Now, of course, you can go back and you look at Hall of Fame level tight ends. You can look at some of the best tight ends of all time like Travis Kelce, we'll talk about at the end of this video, that are able to just push push push push into their mid30s. But that's a very rare instance. Um, if we're looking at KD over the past three years, he's been great. I mean, 13 and a half, 12 and a half, 16. Really, his entire career, he's averaging almost 14 fantasy points per game, and that would even go up if you were to take out his rookie season. So, the production's been there. The production should be there this next year. I mean, they move Debo Samuel um with Brandon Iuk. He could be on the way out as well. So, it may just be George KD and Ricky Pierce all. If that's going to be the case, KD could have an argument to be right up there with Bowowers and McBride for production this season. Issue is going to be the age. I would like to look at like comparable seasons that we've had from age 31 to age 32 that were similar to George KD. Just frankly, the issue as George KD put up one of the best age 31 seasons of all time since year 2000. Um, the best age 31 seasons were Travis Kelce 21 points per game, then George KD at 16 and a half, then Delaney Walker at 16.3. Um Tony Gonzalez at 15 and a half, Antonio Gates at 14.1, Greg Olsson at 13, Jason Whit at 12.9, Jared Cook at 12.1, Taesm at 10.9, and Dennis Pitta at 10.7. And the only tight end to average more than 15 points per game the following year, you had Travis Kelce and you had Tony Gonzalez. Um but again, you're an older tight end, you got one to two years left with KD. Um the contending team, you can go in with Andrews as well. Andrew is going to be a little bit younger. Andrews will be 30 this next year. Um, obviously Andrews was laughably bad at the beginning of the year. Got better near the end of the season where he did actually end up averaging about 11.1 fantasy points per game. Big big issue with this from Mark Andrews. You can make an argument, oh, he started slow. He started slow because of an injury, blah blah blah. But he even got lucky to get to 11 fantasy points per game. Because if you look at where this production came from now, Mark Andrews has always had a very high historical touchdown rate. His touchdown rate throughout his NFL career is over 10%. And that's off of 633 targets, right? So, we can say safely it's probably safe to project this next year Mark Andrews to have a higher touchdown rate than somebody like Dallas Scott, than somebody like Trey McBride, those guys that maybe rack up target volume, but they're not going to score. But it was crazy this past season. The dude had 69 targets through 17 games played. He scored 11 touchdowns off those. That will come down to earth. If he can't get back to the volume numbers that we had the previous three to four seasons, the points per game could continue to fall off for Mark Andrews where he actually falls a lot closer to nine fantasy points per game as a 30-year-old tight end. That only makes sense on a contending team this next year. Now, maybe he was just injured at the start of the year. Maybe if he gets a fully healthy off seasonason, the dude actually is a lot better this next season. If we look at the historical comps of tight ends that had a similar age 29 season to Mark Andrews and what they did at age 30, you had like Heath Miller actually increasing his fantasy points per game. Benjamin Watson increased, Todd Heap increased, Hunter Henry stayed about the same, but then you had about three or four guys fall dramatically. So ultimately with Andrews, it's hard to say that he's guaranteed to be a faller at age 30. It's not like the running back position, right, where we can look at the historical data and say, "Hey, running backs at age 30, more likely than not, they are going to fall off." A tight end, you can't say that. But again, if the touchdown efficiency does go away, that Andrews is screwed and you're looking at a 30-year-old asset on your team that's not going to be able to do much. Um, going ahead and looking at David Onjoku, David Onjoku is much better than Mark Andrews in fantasy. this past year and it looked a lot more sustainable as well because you actually only had five touchdowns off of 97 targets and Enjoku was up at 13.5 fantasy points per game. Now, this does not sound real and it was actually really funny when I grabbed this screenshot for this video, but if you look at the fantasy points per game for David and Jooku, he has gotten better every year over the past six seasons, 3.8 to 4.0 0 to 6.7 to 10.1 to 12.6 to 13.5. David and Jooku every year since 2019 has gotten better in fantasy. Now, of course, does that mean it's guaranteed? No. Just a fun little stat that we've had. He was great this past year. Now, one thing that's very interesting is if you look at when all the points came for David and Jooko over the past two years, they all came when you had Joe Flaco or Jameus Winston. Now, of course, we're not expecting Deshun Watson to be the starting quarterback this next year. I know that's not going to happen, but we don't necessarily know if the Cleveland Browns are going to have some gunslinger quarterback that you're going to rack up passing volume in this offense. And um we can say we don't care about interceptions here. They may bring somebody in that's going to be more conservative. The volume of the passing offense may go down just a bit. I would say that's probably the safe projection. Um, if you wanted to put Injoku over Andrews, I'm not going to fault you whatsoever. Injoku is a year younger despite actually being drafted before Mark Andrews. Um, going over to our next tier, these are two tight ends I I really don't know what to do with. Um, both have played two seasons in their NFL career. Tucker Craft was better than Concaid this past season, but Concaid's actually sitting with a higher fantasy points per game through the first two years. Plus, Concaid has the round one NFL draft capital. But ne neither tight ends look great if you're looking at the historical range of outcomes. Like similar age 24 seasons to Tucker Craft. Um include a bunch of tight ends that I I don't even know who who they are. Um if we're looking at Dalton Concade, Dalton Concade's a year older. Daltton Concade only played two years in the NFL, but he's gonna be 26 years old this next season. Coming off a year where he averaged 7.8 fantasy points per game. I'm in his historical comps at age 25. The similar years are like Jamaich Finley, Kobe Fleiner, Brent Celich, Dustin Keller, Germaine Gresham, Learius Green, a bunch of these tight ends that really didn't move the needle whatsoever. If we're looking at the situations going into this next year, I I would give Craft maybe the benefit of the doubt because keep in mind, he didn't have the round one NFL draft capital. You had Luke Musgrave drafted as well, so maybe it makes sense that it took him a little bit of time to get ramped up. Now that he's showing signs of life, he's going to continue to improve. touchdown rate maybe does look a little bit unsustainable. They're in the same tier for me. I think it's going to be up to you with ranking these guys. This concaid's probably going to be in a better situation, right? I mean, it's not like Buffalo sitting here with a wide receiver that's going to demand 10 plus targets a game. And we could pretty confidently say at the same time that this should be a passing offense that's near the top of the NFL with total volume. Now, going down to our next tier, the most disappointing prospect I want to say of all time. And keep in mind, y'all know I actually did not like Kyle Pittz the year that he came out in 2021 in rookie drafts because historical hit rates with rookie tight ends and them as prospects versus other guys. Long story short, I was way too busy drafting Trey Lance than Kyle Pittz. But I I got to give credit where credit. The dude was the best tight end prospect of all time. Whether you're looking at his numbers coming out of Florida, whether you're looking at the draft capital, I mean, he was drafted higher than any tight end in NFL history. And athletic testing numbers, freakish with hilarious is Cal Pitts still incredibly young as well. He's going to be 25 years old this next season. And the dude's younger like than like Tyrone Tracy, right? A running back who's only played one year. But Kyle Pittz has now been very bad with four different quarterbacks. Kyle Pittz has now been very bad with multiple coaching staffs. So the amount of I don't know the amount of excuses that you're having are running extremely thin. In 2021, he had Matt Ryan. In 2022, he was sitting here with Marcus Mariota, Desmond Ritter. In 2023, he had Desmond Ritter, Taylor Hineki. 2024, he had Kurt Cousins and Michael Penn. I know Penn only started three games. I know at the end of the year with Michael Penn, Kyle Pittz did look decent. Touchdown rates been very low throughout his NFL career. Only 10 touchdowns to 333 targets. Doesn't look to be a big red zone threat. The target volume has just fallen off a cliff. You go back to his rookie season, the man saw 110 targets. He saw a thousand receiving yards. This past year, four years later, you're at 74 targets, 602 receiving yards with just as many games played. So, it's been ugly. There's not really a big reason to assume that that's going to be changing. Just one of the most disappointing players ever. I will say if you look at his age 24 season this past year, it was similar to Jimmy Graham's age 24 season, George KD's age 24 season, and then a bunch of guys that did nothing. So, there is some precedent. I'm going over and looking at Isaiah Likely with Likely. I mean, we can go back and look at the amount of fabrics people spent on him after week one this past season in reddraft leagues. It's kind of funny is you have an excuse for likely where you have no excuse for pets. Like Isaiah likely, you can say, "Okay, well, he's had to deal with Mark Andrews." Get him on a team with uh no top 10 tight end on that roster. Then all of a sudden, Isaiah likely is going to ball. Likely has had a really good touchdown rate with 14 touchdowns through 158 targets. Likely's gotten better every year. 5.7 to 5.9 to 7.7 fantasy points per game. still pretty young, only going to be 25 years old this next year. And if the situation were to change, which obviously you kind of want to be betting on talent here in Dynasty, it could look great. Um, going over to our next tier, it's where things get really awkward. I know in like reddraft leagues, Johnny Smith is going incredibly high. And I know Johnny Smith 13.1 fantasy points per game this past year. I mean, hell, he's outscoring Jaylen Wadd. I mean, a lot of weeks he was outscoring Tyreek Hill. Looked great. was a league winner if you picked him up off the waiverwire in reddraft leagues. But a big issue that you're going to be having, at least in my mind, is he's a 30-year-old tight end where we've seen one fantasy relevant season. And again, I don't necessarily know if we can say, oh, okay, well, it's just he was stuck in a bad situation before because you go back, the man played four years in Tennessee, plays two years in New England, plays a single season in Atlanta. For me, when we're looking at these oneoff years where a finally gets the 13.1 fantasy points per game, I I'm very reluctant to just say that this is something that we can bank on going into the future. If you look at the historical comps, I mean, his age 29 season was great. It was up there with like Antonio Gates, Tony Gonzalez, George KD, Jimmy Graham, Delaney Walker, Logan Thomas. I I He's 30 years old and he's a one a one-year wonder. Maybe he repeats it, but I'm finding a hard time believing it. I'm going over looking at Kottton. Kottton's been whatever. Super inefficient, right? I mean, the man is always on the field. He's always running running routes. Yard per yards per route run maybe at the very bottom of the NFL kind of regardless of the position here, but he continues to get better for fantasy purposes. 5.8 to 6.9 to 10 fantasy points per game. The volume continues to improve. increased in receptions, targets, receiving yards, touchdowns, yards per target, yards per literally every single statistic's gotten better through the first three years of his NFL career. I think like top end range of outcomes here as he turns into a Dallas Goddard level player where you're just kind of hoping that you get some a low-end tight end one finishes from him going in the future, which maybe with Evans Godwin aging, there's a little more room for Kate in this offense. Um, going over and looking at Pat Frymuth, Frymuth does set a career-high 9.9 fantasy points per game this past year. But again, if you go back and look at what he did his rookie season, same rookie season as Kyle Pitts, very funny that Fry Muth of Pitts had great rookie years and then just were massive, massively disappointing players. Um, he really just has not improved much. 9.5 to 9.9 fantasy points over a four-year time period. He had seven touchdowns through 78 targets this past year. This is why you couldn't feel like you could rely on him. Like in my reddraft league, in the flock league, I kept on dropping him and picking him up as a waiverwire tight end. Looking at the situation this next year, target volume is probably going to be down. That that you have DK Mechaf, a solid wide receiver in this offense play alongside Pickins. Um, going over to our next name, uh, Jake Ferguson. Seven career fantasy points per game. This is the range where things just get incredibly gross, right? Like Jake Ferguson's going to be a 26-y old tight end that you're looking at a career high of 10.4 four fantasy points per game. Um Cole KT's going to be a 26-y old tight end. You're looking at a career-high 10.7 fantasy points per game. Um Dallas Goddard is going to be a 30-year-old tight end that's averaged 9.7 fantasy points per game through his career. And he's at best the fourth fifth option in his offense if you include Jaylen Herz running the football. Um Dallas got scored a total of 24 touchdowns to 476 targets through his NFL career. Um going over and looking at Britain Strange, maybe he gets an opportunity with Evan Ingram. Um, Travis Kelce, the thing is you have three straight seasons of clear declining play. Whether you're looking at his receptions per game, whether you're looking at his targets per game, whether you're going to be looking at his receiving yards per game, his touchdowns per game, his yards per target, it's all gotten worse for three straight years. He's going to be 36 years old this next season. He's coming off a year where he averaged 12.2 fantasy points per contest. I I'm not in the business of trying to bet on 36-y old bouncebacks, even if Travis Kelce is the best tight end of all time. I think you make that argument if you wanted to. So, I mean, at best, you have a one-year rental where I think you're looking at a low-end tight end one. And then Evan Ingram, I think, maybe falls in line with the same mold. Evan Ingram past few years has looked decent. If you're looking at the fantasy points per game, touchdowns obviously aren't going to be there. Situation may be fine in Denver. maybe set up where he's able to get a considerable amount of targets from an above average quarterback in an above average offense with not much target competition, but you get cut and you also could just be an absolute nothing and you're 31 years old. So, at the very best, I think you're kind of looking at a one to two-year rental. But appreciate you and really hope I was able to help you out. Again, if you want to check out like rookie rankings, see like Tyler Warren, Lovelin, if you want to link your dynasty team and actually get a sense of how you stack up compared to the rest of your league mates and what you should be looking to do, all that stuff is free on the site. It's flockfantasy.com. I'll leave the link in the description and comment section if you want to check it out. But I really appreciate you and I really do hope we get to see you out with a live stream sometime soon.
