Title: Top 10 Rookie Running Back Rankings & Tiers

We are not effing leaving. We are here with 2026 rookie running back rankings and tears. Of course, I know nothing. It's January. I'm here to learn just like you. So, we brought somebody who actually does know what he's talking about. We got the one and only Bush from Fantasy Stock Exchange. Thank you, brother, for taking the time. It's wild to say that I know what I'm talking about after my performance in the Flock League the last two years. But, uh, I will say for for all the the down performances that I might have in reddraft, I do think prospects are generally my thing and, uh, I feel pretty good about, um, how the model performed and and whatnot the last couple years. But, yeah, let's get into the rookie running back class because I would say of all the position groups in the 2026 NFL draft, this is the one where the players we thought were going to be the guys didn't end up being the guys for the most part. So, a lot of people assume the class sucks when in reality it's more like we just didn't know about this player. Yeah. And before you talk down on yourself, I do want to say for anybody watching, there's almost nobody on this planet I trust more with rookie rankings than the FSE guys. So, let's dive into S tier because I think this was the guy that we knew coming into the year. It's the guy that we know now, Jeremiah Love. Um, I don't know anything, but I know he's pretty damn good. So, in terms of how you would rank him historically, I know that looking at the FSE prospect model you sent me over, he's a generational level prospect, a godfather rookie draft here. Who are the other running backs that were in that range? >> Um, so he is one of four generational prospects since 2016. Um, just ahead of Christian McCaffrey, who of course is the best running back of all time for fantasy football. And then just behind Bejon Robinson and Saquon Barkley. got a combined eight seasons I believe between those three guys of 20 plus point per game production. Um Jeremiah Love is here for now I will say because the only things that I don't have yet is where he goes in the draft. If he slides outside of the top 10 he would be hardressed to be in generational because all three of those guys did go as top 10 NFL draft picks. We don't know specifically what his actual size is. He's 6'24 listed running projected a 440. He was a 107 high school track athlete so he is probably pretty fast. I've seen his tape. I I know he's he's a fast player, but there's some things that we have to project as of now. Right now, he's in the generational tier based on those projections, but he could slide more so to the top of the workhorse tier, which is where Ashton Genty was last year. He was the fifth best prospect since 2016. Jeremiah Love, the third best prospect with Christian McCaffrey in between them. >> Well, speaking of Genty, I asked the same thing to Sammy. I'm assuming if you had Genty, you would trade him for the 101 just to get love and hit the reset button, right? >> Yeah. I mean, you get, I think, two years younger um that way because Jeremiah Love won't be able to celebrate legally with an alcoholic beverage the night he gets drafted. He will be 20.9 years old when he gets drafted. And um also too, you got to imagine, I believe Sammy said this in the other video, he probably doesn't go to nearly as bad of a landing spot as the Raiders. Even if it's like the Titans or the Cardinals or the Saints or one of those like worse landing spots that he could go, you feel pretty good that he would have a better infrastructure around him. Although I will say Genty, with Mendoza coming in, it's going to improve a little bit. >> Yeah. And then lastly, I asked this question to Sammy. If you were a rebuilder, right, no shot to win 2026. Are you willing to go through and send Bejon, send Gibbs to get Love Plus? >> Um, to get Love Plus, yes. to get love straight. No. If somebody was offering me um Bejian Robinson or if I had Bejon Robinson on my team, let's say, and I was trying to tear it down or whatever, and somebody was like, "I'll give you the 101 plus um two rookie twos or a late projected rookie first in 2028 or some just like random asset that gives me some kind of insulation factor, I would do it." Um but generally, you got legendary running backs that are 24 years old, you probably shouldn't sell them. Uh Bejian Robinson and Gibbs, that is. >> All right. Well, looking at your rankings and tiers on the site, you actually have Coleman down multiple tiers from Love in terms of the overall. So, I'm assuming there's no landing spot. There's nothing that could possibly happen to push them inside the same tier. >> Uh, no, no, he's an RB1 upside prospect, which is two full tiers below generational. It's generational workhorse RB1 upside. Now, Jonah Coleman's a really good prospect, but he doesn't have the same like, "Oh, yeah, this dude checks every single box like Jeremiah Love does." Like Jeremiah Love has a 93rd percentile receiving yards per team pass attempt while being 20 years old, while being a track athlete, while having the size, playing for not, I guess, not a power four conference, but a big school who's played good competition. Jonah Coleman has most of that stuff. He doesn't have all of that stuff. He might not be the fastest guy in the world. He might not have the same level of receiving utility at the next level, but he does check a lot of boxes. In fact, Jonah Coleman and Alvin Chimera are the only two prospects since 2016 to score higher than 75% uh or 75th percentile in the model despite not going in the first two rounds because he is currently projected to go at 71st overall in the NFL draft. So if he gets second round capital, he will be a lot closer to a workhorse level prospect argo like a Javvante Williams type coming out of the University of North Carolina than he is right now. Which is best comparable is in fact Alvin Chimera and Cam Scataboo was also a similar case last year where it was pretty unheard of for a guy of that prospect caliber in the model to go on day three. >> Yeah, that was my next question is like what's the downside case there that he does fold around for? because whenever I talked to Sammy, he made it seem like that was a real possibility. >> It is. Yeah, it definitely is. Especially because right now, um, NFL Draft Buzz does a pretty good job of projecting 40 times and whatnot based on like, um, GPS data. They have him listed for a 45. Um, he was listed at 228 pounds, 5'9 2 years ago, but apparently he shed weight. So even if he does run that fast, I think he'll probably weigh in like closer to like 217, 218 or vice versa. If he is 228, I don't expect him to run a 450. So, his athletic stuff from the combine will matter a lot in determining his draft capital in my mind because his production speaks for itself. He did get injured at the end of his senior season this year, so maybe teams would factor that in. If this dude gets third round capital, I would consider that a pretty big win. That's what he's currently projected for. >> Okay. Well, that doesn't sound super exciting in terms of being the running back too in the class. And the other big problem here too is this class. Um, how many teams in the NFL are going to go, "This is my week one starter at running back." Um, other than Jeremiah Love, I just don't imagine a lot of teams are going to do that. Especially when you factor in that Bree Hall is a free agent who's 25 years old. Kenneth Walker is a free agent who's 25 years old. Travis ETN and Jvonte Williams are 26 years old who are also free agents. All four of those guys have RB1 production seasons under their belt. That's not even getting into the fact that there's like Tyler Algier and Brian Robinson who can contribute to a backfield even if they're not going to be like week one starter, you know, 300 plus touch guys for an NFL team. So, the fact that the free agent running back class is as good as it is, it's very similar to 2024 when Jacobs and Henry and Aaron Jones and Mixon and all those guys were on the move and they ended up being really good in their new destinations and most teams kind of devalued Trey Benson, uh, Jonathan Brooks and Bucky Irving and all the the running backs in that class as a result of the free agent class. >> Yeah, that's actually a great I didn't think about the musical chairs like teams that need a running back will have a shot for the NFL draft. Well, let's dive into Singleton. Yeah, Singleton was one of the guys that we thought maybe coming into this year has the monster season, gets the first round or second round draft capital. Um, Nick Singleton has been on the radar for a long time because as a true freshman, he was a fivestar recruit and he rushed for 1,000 yards and reportedly he might run like in the 42s. Like he's that fast and that he's also like 224 pounds. So, we're talking about a dude that is like Jonathan Taylor level athletic, but is he Jonathan Taylor level good at football? um that's probably not the case. However, last year he had 52 targets. So, we're looking at a guy that even if he's not as good of a runner as say Jonathan Taylor or Saquon Barkley or one of these like big freakish athletic dudes, can he be a a really great receiver? So, the the upside case here would be like, hey, maybe he's like Dvin Cook or, you know, one of those like bigger guys who can catch the football. But the downside case here is what if he's Olly Gordon? So, you're saying he has the speed, the size, as well as the receiving skill set? >> Yes. >> If he gets the draft capital, I'm sold. >> Even if he doesn't get the draft capital, I'm going to draft this guy wherever he's going in drafts because right now he's projected to go around pick 97. So, again, that's pretty optimistic. That would be the end of the third round. I'd be actually a little bit shocked if he went that high. But maybe he's going that high because NFL scouts watched him run a 429 at the combine or something like that. or maybe he's going that high because the musical chairs left a couple of, you know, teams without long-term solutions at running back. I think that both Coleman Singleton and the next couple guys we're going to talk about are going to land in backfields where there's a veteran there that they have to beat out or they're going to be like second half of their rookie season type of guys like an RJ Harvey was this year where there is a guy who's capable ahead of them on the depth chart. But as far as upside, as far as the guy that could literally break where you draft him, let's say you take him 202 in your rookie draft and he smashes and he's a top five dynasty running back two years into his career. Nicholas Singleton's that guy. It's just why wasn't he better at Penn State most of his career because he had two of his four seasons where he was under 4.5 yards per carry in a good offense with a good quarterback from a college standpoint and another good running back in his backfield as well. Yeah, my simple monkey brain tells me check boxes are size, athleticism, receiving skill set, and draft capital. So, if the draft capital's there and the other three boxes are checked, I'm going to go all in. But, so tell me about the running back four here. And I'm assuming since these guys are in the same tier, like a lot of this going to play out over the next few months with the combine, with landing spots, etc., etc. >> Yeah, so EMTT Johnson is one of those guys that we just didn't know about going into the season. So, a lot of people don't really know much about him. um University of Nebraska running back. Unlike Coleman, Love and Singleton, he is a little bit undersized. He's listed at 200 pounds, 5 foot 11. We know schools lie a little bit. Maybe he's 195, something like that. Um I've seen people float out Bucky Irving comps for him and that kind of thing. Um one thing that's really exciting about Johnson, as well as pretty much all the guys that I I've talked about so far, is that he has an excellent receiving profile. He has been very productive as a receiver. his, you know, receiving yards per team pass attempt and reception market share and targets for a run. All those types of metrics that you look for are all well above the like 70th percentile. Um, but the one thing that makes me a little bit worried is that he was kind of a one-year wonder like Caleb Johnson was last year where we didn't really know who he was and then he comes out of nowhere and rushes for like 1400 yards and 12 touchdowns. But again, one thing that Caleb Johnson didn't have is this type of receiving profile. >> Yeah. And obviously getting thrown in with the same name as Caleb Johnson after last year is not the best thing. >> Might be one of the worst rookie seasons I've ever seen, honestly. Like I I think it's it's the one of the most insane things that I've ever seen is that he was projected for like 780 rushing yards and he literally had negative rushing yards on the season >> and you had Kenneth Gainwell looking great. >> Yeah. No, it it's tough, man. Again, EMTT Johnson going to be a name that we get to know about for the next couple of weeks, the next couple of months. How does he look at the combine? What does he look like um you know in the the pre-draft process? What do NFL teams think about him? It's impossible to know where this guy's going to get drafted at this point in time. Like it's it's straight up impossible. Right now he's projected to go in the third round, but he could go anywhere between round two and round five. >> Oh yeah. So what are the boxes that price checks? >> Um the film guys like him. >> Okay. >> That's I I have not graded him yet. Um but he is big. He's, you know, 6 foot, 210 pounds. He's been productive all three years of his career on a per touch basis because again keep in mind he's sharing a backfield with Jeremiah Love and as a true freshman also Audrey Estime was in that backfield as well. Um so we're looking at a guy who you really have to Frankenstein his profile because on no analytical measure is this a prospect that should go in the second or third round. But when you factor in that he's got a literal generational running back in his backfield and when he gets the ball he does good things with it. It's something that people are going to talk themselves into. There's two prospects that stand out to me in my time like playing fantasy and dynasty that stick out as really good examples of this where it I would say it worked out generally speaking. Josh Jacobs coming out of the 2019 draft had Damen Harris and Naji Harris in the backfield with him, but on a per touch basis when you watch the film it was clear that Josh Jacobs was a dude. And then Sony Michelle the year that he came out of Georgia with Nick Chub in that backfield who was mainly the lead back. So Jadarian Price, all the film guys think he's like the second best running back in this class. Okay. Well, um I'm not a big film guy, so we'll see. Uh the film guys when they get it right with the draft capital, like I was in on Josh Jacobs because he went around wanted the draft, you know. >> Yeah. And I will bet you good money that this is the second back off the board most likely. >> Okay. Well, that'll be interesting. So, going and looking at your prospect model, right, it looks like in the flex play range, you have one, two, three, four, five, six running backs. However, you have Allen here in his own tier. Why would you put him in his own tier in comparison to these other guys? Okay, so really quick, hit rate wise, the generational prospects, they hit an RB1 season 100% of the time because like I said, it's a very small sample. Workhorse prospects, which Jeremiah could slide into if he doesn't have a great combine or something like that, they still hit RB1 seasons 100% of the time. Um, thank God for Javvante Williams cuz he was the last one who hadn't and he finally did it this year. uh RB1 upside prospect which is where Jonah Coleman was. We're talking 63% of the time and then a one in three chance that Singleton, Emtt Johnson, Jadarian Price caliber prospects, RB2 upside prospects hit that number. Flex play we're looking at 16% of the time that when they hit it's Kairen Williams, Chase Brown, Bucky Irving, late round guys probably on day three. The reason that Katron Allen, the other Penn State running back, is ahead of the other flex play territory guys is because he is 0.5 off of being in the same tier as Jadariian Price, EMTT Johnson, and Nick Singleton. If he has a good combine if he comes in and and weighs in pretty good and runs fast and that kind of thing, he still has a chance to get into that territory and he is projected to go in the fourth round right now. If he were to slide into the third round, he absolutely would be into that territory. and he outproduced Nick Singleton this year was clearly the better running back in the backfield. And for all four years of his career, despite having Singleton, who was a fivestar recruit who can catch the ball, he has caught at least 20 passes or had at least 20 targets every year as well. And he's been productive all four years of his career. So like anybody who watched Penn State the last four years knows that this offense was Singleton and Allen. >> That's super true. When's the last time we saw a backfield like that where both running backs had a ton of receiving volume? >> I'm trying to think off the top of my head. I can't think. Like usually it was there was a specialized role guy. It was there was a receiving back and there was an early downback. And while that was true, like Kron was the the short yardage guy. Singleton more of the the pony style running back. It's kind of like last year's backfield with Judkins and Henderson because I thought they were both good receivers. It's just that Judkins wasn't getting the receiving work. So it's hard to see where they both get the receiving work despite both being good receivers. >> Yeah. You know, I'm actually pulling it up right now just cuz it's funny that you brought up Javvante here multiple times. I guess 2020 Javvante and Michael Carter both had 25 receptions. >> Yeah. Yeah. And like I don't know if we've ever seen it like this though. This is all four years he had at least 20 targets. Um Kron Allen in addition to like Singleton had 52 targets last year. >> Yeah. That's insane. >> Yeah. No, the again I think it's very clear to me at least as of this point, you know, sleepers emerge, players test well, draft capital changes as the offseason goes along. These to me are the six guys that I can imagine being fantasy relevant. What does that look like? Is it, you know, does fantasy relevant mean they're like 10 point per game for a couple years of their career? Does fantasy relevant mean that some of them are RB1s at some point in their career? So, as we go down to like the rest of the crap, then if you're saying that it's like the six guys that can be fantasy relevant, is the hope that we are ranking these guys like seven through 13, hey, you have a shot to turn in to one of those fantasy relevant guys and the majority of them are just going to be useless. I would say when we think of flex play caliber prospects like Desmond Reed from Pit, Jamari Taylor from Virginia, Mike Washington from Arkansas, Dean Claybornne from Wake Forest, Le'Veon Moss from Texas A&M, and I'll get to Moss separately because there's a reason he's in this tier. Um, these guys, if they turned into like Tank Bsby, Khalil Herbert, Elijah Mitchell, someone like that at that point in their at some point in their career, you'd probably consider that a win. Could they be Chase Brown or Bucky Irving or Kairen Williams who all were flexplay caliber prospects? Yes. But it's pretty unlikely that you get that. Like we're talking 99th percentile range of outcomes for Irving, for Kairen, and for Chase Brown. >> Yeah. So these guys are third, fourth round rookie picks. >> Yeah. And if you like them, they all have merit. Jamari Taylor's elusive, good receiver. Desmond Reed is a scatback. Maybe he turns into Kenneth Gainwell. Mike Washington's huge. Maybe he's Stevenson. He's like 230, 6'2 and decent receiver. Uh Deont Claybourne, one of these kind of like Bucky Irving types as well where he can make you miss. The one guy that I'm really interested in this year is Levon Moss. And the reason for that is there's a parallel universe in which he does not tear his ACL and MCL at the end of his junior year when he was eight games into his junior year at Texas A&M in 2024. Putting together a really nice season where he would have rushed for over a thousand yards, had 25 plus targets, and then his senior season, which was this year, in which he came back in week one and played the whole year with minimal setbacks. He only played seven games. He would have been really good this year in addition to not like because obviously we know posty year one ACL you're probably not going to be the same player. Medicals will be huge for him. He's projected to go in the seventh round. If that actually happens it means the medicals suck. If he goes in the third or fourth round because he tests well and medicals check out then he's interesting. But I would say for now he's like the Olly Gordon of this class where it's like we'll see. We knew by April if Ollie Gordon was going to be a dude or not. But in January, we're like maybe he's still a guy who could be a top back in this class depending on what happens in the prospect cycle. >> So all in all, am I safe to summarize this class at least from an early look how you mentioned 2024, but we get a Bejian Robinson in it. So, the best prospect comparable class, and I did a running backs of target and avoid on the channel yesterday, and I always am sure to compare the class to another class because I think that gives people a good idea of where they should go in rookie drafts, where the top guys go, who are the mid-round guys, etc. This class has overperformed its prospect caliber, so keep that in mind. the 2022 class of Bree Hall and Kenneth Walker up top with Rashad White, James Cook, those type of guys in the middle that obviously all of those guys have had RB1 seasons, so they've definitely overperformed their prospect caliber. >> That's about the best comparable class. If Bree Hall was a little bit better of a prospect, he would be Jeremiah Love. If Kenneth Walker was a little bit worseish of a prospect, he would be Jonah Coleman. Rashad White, James Cook types, that's like your Singletons and your EMTT Johnson's and whatnot. And then there was a litany of flexplay caliber dudes in that class. And again, Kairen Williams was one of them, and he's absolutely nutted out his range of outcomes. Brian Robinson, I would say, generally speaking, has been pretty good relative to the caliber prospect he was. Even like Zamir White, Damen Pierce, Isaiah Pacheco, and Jaylen Warren were like waverwire and low-end flex play caliber prospects. This class overperformed, but this is the best comparable class from a prospect standpoint. >> Awesome. Well, I don't think I have any more questions unless you have anything else to say. Yeah, I I would say like if you're looking at the running back position in rookie drafts with the intent of I'm going to get my dudes to to turn my rebuild into a contender, you are probably going to be better off a trading up for Jeremiah Love because he's going to go in 101 in every single rookie draft or at least he should in every single rookie draft whether it's Superflex one quarterback regardless. End of the first round, early second round, maybe two or three of these guys are going in that territory. But for the most part, these are going to be third and fourth round dart throws. So, if you will have like the 207 and you're like, I can trade the 207 for Derrick Henry or I can trade the 207 for Alvin Chimera or, you know, one of these veteran running backs to help get you out of a rebuild and into a contending window. Early look is that that's probably the smart idea because it's going to be mostly receivers, maybe a quarterback, tight end, um, fitting in there. But this class is is is a lot of receivers mainly. It this class in general is a lot like 2022s. >> Awesome. Appreciate it, brother. I'm going to of course leave the link to Fantasy Stock Exchange down in the description.
