Title: Top 40 Dynasty Running Back Rankings & Tiers

Free agency was massive this year. I don't know if teams just looked at the NFL draft and they went, "You know what? If we need a running back, we need to go out there and get them today." But obviously, it's changed a lot for dynasty rankings, and I want to give you a great set of rankings for you to use for trades, for you to use for your startup drafts, and I had to update my ranks on the site anyway. Now, before we get into it, I owe you an apology. Yes, from 2018 through about 2024, I made dynasty fantasy football videos every single day in the off-season. I mean, I've been playing dynasty since 2014. It was my first true love, and trust me, I wish that I could go back to just hammering in daily videos year-round like we used to. However, a couple of years back when we launched flockfantasy.com, I underestimated the amount of time and the amount of work it would take on my part. So, lately, during the off-season, it's been very time-intensive for me to make sure that the users of flockfantasy.com are getting the best tools to win dynasty leagues. So, yes, the dynasty videos haven't really been here so far this off-season. I'm going to be better about that. I will get y'all a bunch of dynasty videos, especially leading up to the NFL draft. Now, I know a lot more about this rookie class than I did back at the beginning of January. But anyway, let's dive into this. Tier one, we are going to have the cornerstone assets. This is just simply Gibbs and Bijan. Now, I can go back and forth. We can look at Jahmyr Gibbs with the departure of David Montgomery, and I can give you some long speech about how he has averaged 21 fantasy points per game over the past 2 years, how the opportunities are going to be going up with David Montgomery now as a Houston Texan. And with Gibbs, that he has been one of the most efficient running backs in the league averaging at least 5 yards per carry for the past three seasons. But there are a ton of other reasons you can love Bijan, right? Bijan just lost Tyler Allgeier in his own backfield. Bijan Robinson this past season averaged 21.8 fantasy points per game, and just like Jahmyr Gibbs, he's only 24 years old. He's been a top three running back in back-to-back years. So, ultimately, I don't want to sit here and spend 10 minutes on these two guys. You know, they fit the bill on a contending team, and even if you're a rebuilder, obviously, I'd rather sell them on a rebuilding team, but if your league mates aren't giving you fair market value, you're not going to cry yourself to sleep having to hold on to them because their value shouldn't be that much lower next off-season, which obviously is tough to say about the majority of running backs in the NFL. Now, leading us off with our next tier, we are going to have Audric Estime. Audric Estime could almost be in his own mini tier between Estime and the other guys like Hampton Ahchane that we're going to talk about in just 1 second. Estime face-planted as a rookie, right? He came out, he averaged 14.4 fantasy points per game. He was the RB16. He actually only averaged 3.7 yards per attempt and 4.7 yards per target, which is extremely low, but we can go back and we can look at Bijan's rookie season, where Bijan was the RB17 in points per game. Well, again, that was exactly where Audric Estime was last year, and there are reasons to believe that the Raiders are about to get a hell of a lot better. They had a ton of money in free agency. They go out there and significantly invest in the offensive line, bringing in the highest-paid center in NFL history. You have Fernando Mendoza with the first overall pick. You have an additional first-round pick that you just got from trading Maxx Crosby, which I don't know, maybe they go out there and use that on a Jordan Addison-level player that can maybe stretch NFL defenses and create lighter boxes for Audric Estime. Ultimately, he was a phenomenal prospect. He's only 22 years old, and the Raiders are going to be a lot better this year than they were last year because, um, frankly, there's only one direction that they could go. I think he fits a rebuilder. I think he fits a contender. Now, maybe this is a little bold. We're going to have Amari Hampton. Now, with Amari Hampton, Amari Hampton also kind of face-planted his rookie season. I mean, he came through, and if you were looking at just a total fantasy points standpoint, he was the RB35. Now, you switch that over to points per game, he was the RB13. And in offense that lost their two best offensive linemen, that resulted in them having the worst offensive line in the NFL, Amari Hampton, before his injury, had 89%, 80%, 66%, and 78% of the Los Angeles Chargers snap share. Now, yes, he gets injured, he comes back in, Camani Vidal is splitting that backfield, but we initially have to look at his prospect profile, in which we see Amari Hampton was a round one NFL pick. He had the size to be a bell cow. He has the receiving ability, and he was a great athlete. We see him get to the NFL. He is a three-down workhorse to start his career. He gets injured. The second half of the season isn't great behind the league's worst offensive line coming off an injury. I still very much believe in this player. This offensive line should be dramatically improved going into this next year. So, I really have no questions about Amari Hampton. He's a 23-year-old running back, fits a rebuilder, fits a contender. Now, the first running back that I had to move down my rankings due to free agency is going to be Devon Achane. Achane was actually up there close to Bijan, close to Gibbs because the floor on this production is crazy. Obviously, if y'all use flockfantasy.com, you can, for whenever you want, click a player, see their entire profile. And what you see with Devon Achane is his worst performance last year was about 13 fantasy points. He was a top, what, 20 running back every single week. The lowest finish he had last season was RB17. The floor was insanely high, mainly due to the fact that he was an incredible receiver back-to-back years averaging at least 30 receiving yards per game, three straight seasons where he finishes the RB6 or higher, and you have no competition in this backfield. Now, I think Malik Willis is going to be a good fantasy quarterback because Malik Willis can run the ball. We know that. But I do believe the Miami Dolphins are going to have an extremely low-volume passing attack and very few trips to the red zone. I think Malik Willis is going to limit the team's pass attempts, limit the check-downs, and I think the PPR floor Devon Achane is giving you over the past few years with Tua, honestly, may be lowered, and I don't know if the red zone opportunities are going to be there on what I expect to be a bad NFL offense to overcome that. Now, of course, this is dynasty. We are thinking long-term, but Achane is going to be 25 years old this next season. So, it's not like he is a complete spring chicken that we can just ignore the situation and think long-term with. Now, Jonathan Taylor looked like he was going to be, um, one of the best running backs in fantasy football history through half of last season. Daniel Jones goes down, then Jonathan Taylor goes from averaging about, what, close to 30 fantasy points per game to not having another week with 20. Um, this team is really we're just wanting to run it back with the same squad they had last year. They're bringing back Daniel Jones. They're bringing back Alec Pierce. The main question's going to be, can Daniel Jones get back for week one? What is the mobility going to look like? What will the Indianapolis Colts offense look like? Because if they look anything like they did at the beginning of last year, Jonathan Taylor can win a contending team their championship. But if I was a rebuilder, I'm obviously looking to sell Jonathan Taylor going into his age 27 season. Now, James Cook, nothing really changes here in Buffalo outside of them bringing in DJ Moore, and James Cook's just continued to improve every year of his NFL career. From 2022 averaging six fantasy points per game, then 13, then 16, and then his best year yet averaging almost 18 fantasy points per game as the RB6. He's doing this with not a ton of check-downs, either. I mean, he only had 2.4 targets per game back-to-back seasons, and he actually saw the rushing touchdown efficiency drop from 2024 to 2025. It was just the rushing yardage went dramatically higher for James Cook, which was able to salvage it. So, honestly, I think James Cook's a very safe bet to be an RB1 this next year. He's going to be 27 years old this next year as well, so he's in a similar mold to Jonathan Taylor in that if I was a contending team, I'm happy to have him, but if I was a rebuilder, I'd probably be looking to sell. Now, let's go over to Kenneth Walker. And with Kenneth Walker, specifically, we know he's the biggest winner of free agency. Now, we're all going to remember what Kenneth Walker managed to do in the NFL playoffs helping the Seattle Seahawks win the Super Bowl. It's the most recent memory that we have. But I do want to take a small step backwards, and I do want to look at the grand scheme of Kenneth Walker's NFL career. Kenneth Walker has 13.5 fantasy points per game in 2022, 13.3 in 2023, 16 and a half in 2024, and he averaged 11.29 fantasy points per game in 2025. Now, maybe you're going to say, "Well, Mason, the Kansas City Chiefs, they're a much better situation for him to be in." And let me point out, the Seattle Seahawks just won the Super Bowl. The Seattle Seahawks, uh, were the best regular season team in the NFL as well. The only real thorn in the side of Kenneth Walker was the fact that the rushing touchdowns weren't there, and that's because they decided to use Zach Charbonnet as the goal-line back. Now, I'm clearly ranking Kenneth Walker a lot higher than where he finished as the RB29 last season because I'm not worried about a goal-line running back vulture in the touchdowns from Kenneth Walker in KC. Even if they brought back Kareem Hunt, I still think that Kenneth Walker will have the majority of the short yardage touches despite Kareem Hunt being extremely efficient in that area of the field last year because I think that was more scheme related with Andy Reid than anything. And Kenneth Walker is going to give the Kansas City Chiefs the big plays. I think it's a great NFL fit and Kenneth Walker does dramatically go up from where he was previously. And I'm going to expect Kenneth Walker to have a career year in Kansas City. But I don't know if we can immediately say he's like a top five running back. It's going to be a running back to help contending teams for years to come. But if I was a rebuilder, I would also be looking to sell. Now going down to the B tier, I was very surprised to see Kenneth Gainwell sign with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. I think that this has to negatively impact Quez Watkins because if you look at Kenneth Gainwell, it almost seems like he's going to be the guy to take the high value touches. That's really what happened in Pittsburgh last year where Kenneth Gainwell was the number one receiving option for Aaron Rodgers coming out of the backfield. And if we look at Quez Watkins, the hope would be that he's the guy getting the reception volume in Tampa this next season. Quez back-to-back years has finished as a running back two in fantasy points per game. It's very unfair to just look at that though because obviously this past season Quez Watkins was injured and two years prior the averages are getting dragged down from the beginning of his NFL career where he didn't have the expanded role the way that he did in the second half of the season. But even with that, the hope for Quez Watkins was Quez Watkins left. They didn't add anybody that was going to be a receiving threat, maybe just a short area RB. And they added Gainwell. So I'm a little bit concerned with Quez Going over and looking at Treylon Henderson, Henderson at one point was a top five running back for me in my dynasty rankings. We just added this to flockfantasy.com. If y'all are in the Discord, y'all are saying that we're pushing massive updates to flockfantasy.com almost every three or four days or so. This is why it's hard for me to make videos. We are grinding with the developers on the site. But you could see that you actually had Treylon Henderson get as high as RB7 in the expert average rankings during the season. And it makes sense because this was a running back that dropped 32 fantasy points in week 11, 30 fantasy points in week 15, and looked like he was genuinely going to be last year's version of 2024 Quez Watkins with a much better prospect profile in a much better offense. Then we get to the playoffs and Rhamondre Stevenson takes the starting job and Treylon Henderson is given nothing. Has to be a massive massive concern. If you look at the historical comp finder on flockfantasy.com, you will see that there were 23-year-old running backs that had similar seasons to Treylon Henderson that turned out pretty good such as Ryan Mathews and Jamaal Bradshaw. But I think that's kind of the hope at this point. And it's not a guarantee that the player that we are very excited about the prospect profile for is just going to be an absolute smash at the next level. Now going over to Chase Brown, if Chase Brown had a long-term contract, I I would be way higher on him, right? Because things are shaping up for him to be an incredible redraft pick this next year in 2026. But 2026 is also the last year of his deal in Cincinnati. It's not like he was an incredible prospect. And while yes, he has been phenomenal from a volume driven perspective in Cincy where this past year he was the RB7 in points per game, the year prior he was the RB14 and both seasons he finished extremely strong seeing the vast majority of the snaps, touches, etc. for Cincinnati. We do have to at least look at the efficiency. You've seen Chase Brown peak at 4.4 yards per attempt as well as we saw this past year him only at 5 yards per target. So it's not like he has been the most efficient running back in the NFL. And it wouldn't be the most surprising thing in the world if he was not a starting running back in 2027. But he does look like he's set up to smash this year from a volume perspective. And if he does show the efficiency and he can earn a starting job in 2027, it's not like his value is guaranteed to go down. Now Breece Hall got hit with the franchise tag. We should have all seen it coming. Obviously everybody was wishcasting Breece Hall to go to the Kansas City Chiefs. But he remains with one of the league's worst organizations, the New York Jets. Breece Hall has gotten worse for three straight seasons going from 17 to 15 down to 12.98 fantasy points per game. Good thing is though, Breece Hall's mainly stayed healthy. He's had at least 16 games played for three seasons straight. It just all comes down to can we get him to a new team next year when he is going to be playing his age 26 season in 2027. But it seems like we're stuck in the Jets hellhole for one more year. Quez Watkins also garbage offense, garbage organization he's a part of. Quez Watkins possibly has off-the-field concerns for the future. That's going to be something that I personally am taking into account more so with my rankings when we see rumors off the field with these guys like Watkins, Rashee Rice thinking hey if there's another incident that does occur, the second time he's in the media, it's probably going to be a worse outcome. But Watkins did look pretty damn good as a rookie. And we have to consider he was a very strong prospect coming out of Ohio State. Now devastating injury, but at the end of the day he's only a 22-year-old running back. And possibly when the Cleveland Browns can fix their overall quarterback situation in 2027 when they can get out of some of these contracts, Watkins could be in a better spot. But the Browns offensive line about to be an absolute dumpster fire as well. Like if I was a contending team, I would way rather have Kyren Williams over Quez Watkins. Now Kyren is trending in the wrong direction. He fell from 88% of the snaps for the Rams in 2024 down to 70% of the snaps for the Rams in 2025. And with Kyren Williams, we are seeing the overall market share numbers of rusher fall from 74% to 57% with the emergence of Blake Corum's usage. But this is still an incredible offense. Kyren Williams is still the starting running back despite the fantasy points per game falling for three straight seasons. He is still finishing as a top 12 running back every year. If I was a contending team, give me Kyren, give me McCaffrey. With McCaffrey, you probably have one to two seasons left. The efficiency was really bad this past year. It was the worst year from a yards per attempt perspective that McCaffrey has had as a San Francisco 49er. And it's not like his yards per target were incredible either. This was just a pure volume play with McCaffrey this past season and why he was able to absolutely dominate. He actually had 24.7% of the 9ers target share according to flockfantasy.com. He played 84% of the snaps. It was the most we have seen from him as a San Francisco 49er. Now there is one other interesting thing to note and that is he is a 30-year-old running back with an extensive list of injuries throughout his NFL career. So I think you're looking at a one to two year rental that has a high risk of injury, but much higher ceiling than any other running back that you're going to find in this tier as well. So if you're a contending team, obviously you'd prefer McCaffrey over a lot of the running backs in this tier. You could put him ahead of Treylon Henderson if you're a contender. The only thing I wouldn't do is I wouldn't rank him ahead of any of the running backs in A tier, which is why again we do this as a tier list. Now moving over to C tier, we are going to have Travis Etienne. With Travis Etienne, great signing by the New Orleans Saints. But I don't necessarily know how excited we can be about the offense. Travis Etienne was dominant in the second half of this past year with the Jacksonville Jaguars. But the Jacksonville Jaguars were one of the league's hottest offenses. Now one funny thing to point out is going to be that we actually saw Travis Etienne's age 26 season show up with Saquon Barkley's age 26 season with the range of outcomes tool on flockfantasy.com. And what did Barkley do the following year? He left to go to the Philadelphia Eagles. He averaged 22 fantasy points per game and was the best player in fantasy football. One, Travis Etienne not as talented of a running back as Saquon Barkley. And two, with Travis Etienne as well, he in my opinion went to a worse team. But if you're a massive believer in Taysom Hill and you're a massive believer in the New Orleans Saints, then obviously you would have Etienne even higher than this. I'm only interested on a contending team though because Travis Etienne is 27 years old. Now going over to Saquon Barkley, Saquon Barkley 29-year-old running back. You're kind of looking at the same situation as McCaffrey. Maybe one to two years. Obviously I drafted Barkley in the flock league this past year. It was not the best where he fell down from 22 fantasy points per game in 2024 down to 14 and a half in 2025. The Eagles offensive line was banged up, but I don't really see too many reasons to believe that this situation gets back to as good as it was in 2024 or Saquon Barkley goes back to being as good as he was in 2024 because it did just seem like he lost a lot of that explosiveness. Now Javonte Williams signs the extension with the Dallas Cowboys. This past season for Javonte, he started off incredibly strong, right? Where you're looking at week one to five four I a lot of weeks here where he has almost 20 fantasy points per game or higher. And then once we get to the second half of the season, weeks nine and onwards, his high was 17 fantasy points. So, he had a pretty big fall off this past year, but he still finished as the RB12 in fantasy points per game. He's still only going to be 26 years old this next season. Um I mean, P just signed a contract extension in the situation where he obviously excelled in this past year doing a repeat, only interested on a contending team though. Now, going over to two running backs going into their second seasons, it is funny in my mind how old these guys are in comparison to Javonte Williams. Javonte is going into his age 26 season this next year. He's not even 26 yet, he's 25. RJ Harvey's also 25, right? Cam Akers is 24. Um Cam Akers looked incredible this past year when he earned the starting job for the New York Giants. Obviously, the entire internet was just obsessed with Cam Akers and Zach Charbonnet. He's a devastating injury. I didn't really know the full extent of it, but I will say based on the actions by the New York Giants while they were rumored to bring in Kenneth Walker, they didn't really do much. They just brought in depth at the position. Um I think it's good news for Cam Akers and good news for what it possibly means with his injury. And then RJ Harvey, similar situation. I mean, Harvey really came out in the second half of the season, and he did establish himself as the guy once JK Dobbins went down. The efficiency wasn't exactly there, the explosive plays weren't exactly there. He only averaged 31 rushing yards per game, but the Denver Broncos only bringing back JK Dobbins and RJ Harvey being a second-round pick last year with some receiving skill set. I think Harvey is a fine play here as well. Maybe the ceiling's going to be a little bit capped. I don't know how special of a player he is, but he has a really secure role on a rookie contract this next year. And then Josh Jacobs, again, I had him in the Flock League. I think his averages are getting dragged down just a bit because the injury that he suffered at the end of the year, if you remember, Josh Jacobs pissed me off cuz I had Emanuel Wilson as well. I just wanted him to sit out so I could play Emanuel Wilson, and he was oh, I'm Mr. Tough Guy. No other player's going to play with this type of injury that I'm going to in week 16, in week 17. Nobody else can do this. And what did he do in week 16? Oh, he had 12 carries, 36 rushing yards, and a massive fumble. What did he do in week 17? Oh, he had four carries for three rushing yards. Congrats on playing through the injury, bud. Not only did it bounce me from the playoffs, but at the same time, it dragged down your overall statistics. However, if we look at Jacobs, he's only 28 years old. He's a year younger than Barkley, he's two years younger than McCaffrey. And Josh Jacobs has only had one season in his NFL career finishing lower than the RB12 in fantasy points per game. So, um if anything, I feel like I could have Jacobs higher on this list. I don't think I'd rank Jacobs ahead of anybody in B tier, but I think you could make an argument to have him ahead of these guys like Javonte in C tier. Now, let's move this over to the next one, and it's weird to do this. I feel like I got to put Derrick Henry in his own tier. And let me explain why. With Derrick Henry specifically, obviously, he won people literally millions of dollars on Underdog last year. Oh, you got Derrick Henry to week 17? Congrats, he dropped 45 points. Let's let's snap it up. We've never seen anything like that. But if we look at weeks 2 through 16, Derrick Henry was bad. 2 10 7 9 14 19 13 11 20 22 17 11 10 22 fantasy points. There were two massive weeks, one of which came in the fantasy championship where he absolutely exploded, so everybody is extremely extremely excited as they should be. But now you have an offensive line downgrade losing one of the best centers in the league. You have a change with the coaching staff, and I know I've said this for three straight seasons now, but Derrick Henry is going to be 33 years old at the end of next year. So, he's a strictly a one-year rental in dynasty. I wouldn't have the same expectations for Derrick Henry as I would with McCaffrey who I think you can put into a one-to-two-year rental boat. Um but I think you're going to get high-end RB2 production here for one year, which I think that's better than a lot of the players we're about to talk about, but I couldn't in my right mind rank Derrick Henry ahead of Jacobs, Harvey, Akers, Javonte, Barkley, Etienne, which feels like he should be in his own tier, at least in my mind. Maybe I'm just a hater as I've always been. Now, going over to D'Andre Swift, Swift has to be a winner of this free agency. Like the Chicago Bears really leaned on him back-to-back seasons where he's averaged about 14 and a half carries per game, where he's averaged three targets per game as well. And Chicago doesn't really go out there to address the running back position this offseason. I think he's locked and loaded as long as we don't see Khalil Herbert take a massive step forward to be a top-24 running back, and he's 27. Um David Montgomery is going to be 29 this next year. David Montgomery just took a massive step backwards from a volume perspective. The efficiency was still there though. You can't blame the Detroit Lions for deciding to use Jahmyr Gibbs, possibly the best running back in the NFL, more than David Montgomery this past year. He gets traded to the Houston Texans. I think he's immediately the starting running back. And the thing about the trade that I was surprised with as well is it seemed like they paid a decent amount for David Montgomery, so I'm going to assume that Montgomery has a decent little role here. And then Tyjae Spears has to be a big-time winner of this year's free agency. You don't have the Jacksonville Jaguars bringing anybody in, and obviously, you do have them sending Travis Etienne away. They traded away Tank Bigsby last year, so Tyjae Spears is one of really the only guy left standing here in Jacksonville in offense that showed a lot of promise to Liam Coen at the end of last season. Now, did Tyjae Spears himself show anything at all? No. But a lot of people like the prospect profile despite him going on day three of the draft. Now, moving over to Zach Charbonnet, if Zach Charbonnet did not tear his ACL in the NFL playoffs, I legitimately would make an argument for him on the Seattle Seahawks team with um the prospect profile he had coming out of UCLA, with what we have seen with his goal-line ability at the NFL, with us knowing that he can be a capable pass-catcher, I would make an argument in a redraft leagues to take him in around like four. Like I think he would be a very compelling RB2. The issue is with the torn ACL in the NFL playoffs, it does make it seem like Seattle's going to have to bring somebody in this offseason. Now, looks more and more likely that that's going to be through the NFL draft now that they decided to let Kenneth Walker walk, but one thing that is interesting to note is he actually had a very similar age-24 year from Marshawn Lynch in 2010 using the range of outcomes tool on flockfantasy.com. And the following year, Marshawn Lynch averaged 16.24 fantasy points per game for the Seattle Seahawks. Now, moving over to Jaylen Warren, um Jaylen Warren has a lot of moving pieces in the Pittsburgh backfield where you do get Rico Dowdle added in, but Kenneth Gainwell does leave. And Gainwell was the receiving back here, and you're going to assume that Jaylen Warren is able to bump up the amount of targets per game that he's going to see similar to 2023 levels. And Jaylen Warren did just finish as the RB19 in points per game this past year. Now, one thing I want to point out is he is going to be playing his age-28 season this next year. So, you really only want him on a contending team. For that reason, you could possibly make an argument to throw Khalil Herbert ahead of him. Um Khalil Herbert looked good in the absence of D'Andre Swift this past season, but Khalil Herbert really didn't show anything as a receiver, and I didn't really think that he was a special prospect either. Rico Dowdle clearly looked like he was going to be the league-winning waiver wire pick up last season until he ended up having Chuba Hubbard come back in, and then Rico Dowdle does take a step backwards. But he gets paid to go to Pittsburgh. Looks like he's going to split the backfield with Jaylen Warren. Um if either running back were to go down, I think the other player could turn into a league winner. Um Blake Corum has showed nothing as a receiver. You still have Ke'Shawn Vaughn there. It looks like he's just a premium handcuff running back until we see otherwise. Um Chuba Hubbard does appear that he is the starting running back for the Carolina Panthers at this point. We'll talk about Jonathan Brooks in just one second though. And then Tyler Allgeier, I was very much hoping was going to go to a good landing spot. Like it would have made a lot of sense for the Seattle Seahawks to bring in Tyler Allgeier for cheap to split the backfield with Zach Charbonnet, especially with Charbonnet's torn ACL, but he ends up going to Arizona. They also re-signed James Conner. Now, I think we have to assume based on what this coaching staff is showing us that Trey Sermon is a literal zero. Like I don't think we ever need to say his name again. But yeah, don't love the offense, and at the same time, don't love that James Conner's still there. Rhamondre Stevenson's had one relevant season in fantasy and that was back in 2022. We're going to assume that the young running back with Trayvion Henderson expands his role, but Rhamondre was the starting running back in the playoffs this past year. Tyrun Tracy maybe has some viability here as a giant given the fact that you do have Cam Akers coming off the devastating injury, but if Akers is good to go, clearly he's the lead back. Kenneth Gainwell is I don't know. A pure handcuff to Bucky Irving where Bucky were to go down, maybe Gainwell steps into that role one-for-one. It just seems like at least in my opinion that there's so much overlap between the two backs there. Woody Marks was very bad with the opportunities he got in Houston this past year. I didn't think he was a special prospect either. Now, maybe you just say, "Well, he's the receiving back for the Texans. Maybe David Montgomery is washed up." Tony Pollard does appear washed up. He had all the volume he's playing pretty much every single snap at the beginning of last year with Tajae Spears injured, did nothing with it with how bad Tennessee was, but to be honest with you, don't know how much better Tennessee's about to be. Looking at JK Dobbins goes back to Denver coming off a devastating injury. I honestly think I may rather have Jonathan Brooks over a couple of these backs just to see if there's any juice, but we've never really seen Jonathan Brooks at the NFL level coming off two torn ACLs, it's hard to imagine that we get anything here. You can maybe sneak a Jacquory Croskey merit maybe Rashad White depending on where he ends up. Full transparency, I'm recording this before Rashad White signs somewhere, so if he finds himself somewhere juicy, maybe he climbs these rankings, but obviously, I keep these rankings up-to-date on flockfantasy.com pretty much all the time. That's where I'm spending all my time. I apologize that the YouTube videos have taken a step back with the quantity of them lately, but I hope everybody using the tools on the site appreciates the value that I am bringing there. Try my best for y'all. I'm going to keep the rankings up-to-date. I will get y'all rankings for wide receivers in a YouTube video soon. They're already up-to-date on the site though. Just give me and the editor a little bit of time. Much love, ladies and gentlemen. I really appreciate you. Hope that you are having a great off-season and hope I get to see you with the next video.
