Title: Top 24 Dynasty Rookie Rankings & Tiers (Post NFL Draft)

I've been playing Dynasty Fantasy Football since 2014. I started the first Dynasty Fantasy Football YouTube channel at the end of 2018 and I can safely say this is the weirdest class of rookies that I can remember. There's a lot of talent, especially at the top, and there are a lot of guys in the second round that I mean, they are black boxes with their talent profiles, and we are just going to have to do our best guess of who's going to be the one to three rookies that actually work out after pick 11 in this draft. Now, this is my first time putting out my dynasty rookie rankings this off seasonason. I really wanted to see what was going to happen in the NFL draft and feel confident before I gave you anything. So, it's been a long time coming, but we are officially going to have Jeremiah Love in the S tier all by himself. Very, very easy to say this is going to be the case way back in January. We knew that. But here we officially get the draft capital where he does go number three overall. And if you look historically dating back to 2015, running backs to go inside the top 10 picks of the NFL draft include Todd Gurley, Ezekiel Elliott, Christian McAffrey, Leonard Fornette, Saquon Barkley, Bejian Robinson, Ashton Genty, and Jeremiah Love. And obviously it's too early to know exactly how Asen Genty's career is going to play out, but for every one of those other running backs, we have seen them at one point in their careers be a firstround dynasty starter pick. I would expect that's going to be the case for Jeremiah Love. He checks almost every single box you want to see. He has the size to be a three-own player. He has the elite athleticism for big plays. He has the receiving capability. He has the draft capital which guarantees him job security and volume. The only thing I will point out is I don't love the situation that he is stepping into for 2026. Like you are going to see Tyler Algier have some role in this backfield. This is going to be a very bad offense. So if you were a contending team and you had the 101 like I would sell it for Ashton Genty. I would possibly look to move off of it for a running back like Amari and Hampton plus a running back like Devon Achan plus again if you're a contender and you need production this year because I wouldn't be surprised if we get an Ashton Genty level rookie season from Jeremiah Love or a Bejian Robinson rookie season from Jeremiah Love. But in the long run he's going to be fine and this situation will improve. Now, the draft really starts at the 102, and this has been something that I've been really going back and forth with all off seasonason, and I was just waiting to see what was going to happen in the NFL draft. But Carnell Tate going at pick four overall to the Tennessee Titans has me sold that honestly he should probably be in his own tier unless you're playing in like a 14 team superflex league where they are obviously can make an argument for Fernando Mendoza but in a 12 team superflex format. Um, Date in my mind is probably the best wide receiver prospect in this class. And you combine that with the fact that the landing spot in Tennessee isn't nearly as bad as I believe people are making it out to be. Of course, Cam Ward wasn't great last season as a rookie quarterback, but you can use the player comparison on flockfantasy.com and compare Cam Ward's rookie year to Bryce Young's rookie season, to Trevor Lawrence's rookie year. And you can see that if we contextualize it, it's not nearly as bad as a lot of former number one overall picks, rookie seasons have been because those guys when you throw them to the Wolves day one, hell, they're operating in one of the worst situations you can find in the NFL. They just had the number one overall pick for a reason. And this off seasonason, Cale Ward gets the improved coaching staff and now he has an alpha wide receiver where Carnell Tates stepping into a Tennessee Titans offense that he's really going to have no competition whatsoever for targets. Now, unlike the running back position, just because you get this premier NFL draft capital, it doesn't mean you're going to be an automatic hit and it doesn't mean you're going to be an automatic round one dynasty starter pick at some point in your career. which is why there's no world in which you could ever consider Carnell Tate at the 101. Like looking at wide receivers to go inside the top five picks in the NFL draft since 2014. You have Travis Hunter last year, but obviously we can put a massive asterisk on that. I mean, right now he's slated to play more defensive back than wide receiver. But you have Marvin Harrison where Marvin Harrison's been a massive bust so far through his NFL career. You have Jamar Chase obviously incredible hit. But then Corey Davis, pretty big bust for the Tennessee Titans that we saw back in 2017. Amari Cooper, a wide receiver I thought was going to be the wide receiver one in Dynasty back in 2015 2016. Never really lived up those expectations. And you can say the same thing with Sammy Watkins in 2014, who's a top five pick to the Buffalo Bills. But I do think Cardinal Tate has a lot of upside. And I do think the Tennessee Titans situation is actually sneaky good for a wide receiver going inside the top five picks. Now, let's move over to B tier. This is going to be a tier where you can kind of go a couple different ways. I do want to point out, of course, a lot of it's going to come down to your team need. If you're playing in a 10 team superflex league where you already have four quarterbacks on your roster and you're not able to trade one of those guys away, Fernando Mendoza is probably not going to be the pick to you. But I think on average, I'm probably going to have Mendoza here at three. Again, they're in the same tier as like Tyson Lemon Price. So, you can really go in whatever direction you want. One thing that I want to point out with Fernando Mendoza is while he of course doesn't profile to be a Josh Allen level rusher, he doesn't profile to be a Lamar Jackson level rusher, he is going to run the ball some, like I know a lot of people comp him to like a Gared Goff, but if you look at Fernando Mendoza, um he actually did come through this past season and give you a total of 17 rushing yards per game. Now, keep in mind, you actually have sacks accounting for negative rushing yards with these college statistics. So, that's 17 rushing yards per game at the NFL level. It's probably a lot closer to 23 24 rushing yards per game. Not saying that he's going to carry that over one for one, but it wouldn't be a surprise if Fernando Mendoza was more of like a Justin Herbert level quarterback when it came to running the football. If we look at the supporting cast that Mendoza is stepping into, is it the best? No. But do you have some bright spots? Obviously, coaching staff is improved from where it was last season. And you have Brock Bowers, possibly the best tight end in the league. A young running back that should be able to help Mendoza as well with Ashton Genty. If we look back since 2015 with number one overall NFL draft picks at the quarterback position, you have Cam Ward, Caleb Williams, Bryce Young, Trevor Lawrence, Joe Burrow, Kyler Murray, Baker Mayfield, Jared Goff, and Jameus Winston. And while of course not all of these guys were absolute massive hits like you had with Joe Burrow, like you had with Caleb Williams, I do want to point out that they really hold their value well. like it's going to be hard for Fernando Mendoza to be losing a significant amount of value going into next off season. Now, moving over to our next player, I'm going to have Jordan Tyson here. And this is one reason why I was very reluctant to throw my rookie rankings out there on YouTube in February and March because Jordan Tyson's one of these names that we just simply didn't have a lot of information on. He didn't go to the NFL combine. He was dealing with an injury in the process. I mean, hell, just going through and looking at his collegiate career, obviously in 2023, he only played three games, gets injured. 2025 deals with an injury, only plays nine games. And that's the main storyline that you had with Tyson, was actually going to be his durability going into the NFL draft. So, what I was doing personally, because I'm not a doctor, and hell, I'm definitely not a doctor that's actually able to evaluate Jordan Tyson in person, is I was going to wait, get closer to the NFL draft, see what the draft capital actually was, and also see what the rumors were. Because it would have been one thing if a lot of people were speculating that Jordan Tyson was going to be a late round one, early round two pick because teams were worried about the medicals and then all of a sudden he's a surprise pick at number eight. But that wasn't the case. Instead, you had a lot of teams before the NFL draft or a lot of beat reporters coming out and saying, "Oh yeah, the New York Giants, they really want Jordan Tyson at five. Oh, no, the Kansas City Chiefs, they really want Jordan Tyson." You had a lot of chatter about Tyson going inside the top 10. And then once you get that confirmation, for me personally, I'm a lot less worried about the injury stuff. Now, if we go through and look at Jordan Tyson's profile, he was an incredibly young breakout. I mean, he was hyperproductive when he did play. like he averaged 79 receiving yards per game this past season. The next best wide receiver at Arizona State was only 33. And I do want to point out that the draft capital difference between pick four overall and pick eight overall. Honestly, not really big here. Like if we look at wide receivers picked from picks five through 10 in the NFL draft since 2017, you have massive hits like Malik Neighbors, um Garrett Wilson, maybe you throw Jaylen Wadd, Devont Smith in that range. And then obviously you have um pretty big busts on the list like John Ross, Mike Williams, and then we have guys that's maybe too early to know with Taderoa McMillan and Roma Dunce. But if you cross reference this list with the wide receivers that go inside the top five, the draft capital is very similar between the two. Now moving over to Mai Lemon. I am going to have Lemon over Jadarian Price, who we'll talk about in just one second. And one big thing that I like seeing with Lemon is coming into the process across the board. Pretty much every analyst that we have on flockfantasy.com, they were fully sold on Mai Lemon with their prospect models. Now, of course, if you're not already a member of flockfantasy.com, um, not only are my rankings there, not only is that where I throw all my Dynasty analysis, but also pretty much anybody else you watch on Dynasty YouTube is probably on flockfantasy.com as well. We got the guys at Domain Land Fantasy Stock Exchange. We got Davis Madak and the majority of them have dynasty prospect models up there on the site and you had Mai Lemon ranked either wide receiver 1, wide receiver two, wide receiver three coming into this as a guy with a very safe hit rate almost regardless of the draft capital that he got. And we remember that this was a wide receiver that was projected to go inside the top 15 picks of the NFL draft. So while yes, he does slide down to pick 20. And if you look at the historical hit rate for these wide receivers that are going in this range, guys like Ibuka, Golden, Brian Thomas, JSN, Quinton Johnson, Z Flowers, Addison, Trayon Burks, Cadarius Tony, CD Lamb, Jaylen Rager, Justin Jefferson. Obviously, you still have that incredibly high ceiling. You do have a very, very low floor as well. But I just really want to remind y'all that this was almost in consensus viewed as a sliding player that should have gone higher than this in the NFL draft. The Philadelphia Eagles traded up to get Mai Lemon at pick 20 as well. So, I actually like him more than the draft capital indicates. I don't think you'd be crazy to take him over Cardinal Tate. I don't think you'd be crazy to take him over Jordan Tyson. The situation is one though where I'm just a little concerned that there's not going to be a ton of passing volume in Philadelphia. Obviously, this is a team that takes Eli Sters as well, a tight end that we're going to have to talk about in just one minute. Now, Jarian Price is the biggest winner. So before the NFL draft, I actually had tier A as um Cardell Tate, Mendoza, Tyson Lemon, and whatever order you wanted based on what was going to go down in the NFL draft. But Jadarian Price is the one guy that was able to sneak into this tier. And this is why I think if you were the 106 holder, you actually got really, really lucky. Because in a lot of leagues, I would expect that if there's a running back needy team at four, if there's a running back needy team at five, you could very easily see that team going with Price. Now, for me personally, I'm not smart enough to be able to turn on YouTube and just watch Jarian Price hit a couple holes and go, "Oh my gosh, that explosion, it's next level." Now, of course, I'm going to listen to what the film guys say, but from a prospect analysis perspective on paper, it's extremely difficult to say much about Price because he was parked behind Jeremiah Love the entire time. Like, for instance, he had four receptions his final year. I can't tell you if this is going to be somebody that is completely useless as a receiver at the NFL level. there is an outside chance that he does have that in his game and he just really wasn't able to show it with Jeremiah Love on the field as well. So, if you see somebody like throw Jadarian Price into a prospect model with no context added in, he probably scores incredibly low, but I don't want to give too much credit to that because he goes to a situation that couldn't be better. Zack Charbanet is probably not coming back to the Seattle Seahawks until Thanksgiving based on how late he had his torn ACL. And you combine the fact that Zack Charbanet isn't under contract in 2027. I think I heard the FSE guys mention that you actually only have like $60,000 guaranteed to running backs not named Zack Charbard in this backfield as well. So, Jadenarian Price is going to see a ton of volume day one. he gets the round one NFL draft capital, which I think is going to be more important than anything. And if we go through and look at running backs that were selected in this range of the NFL draft since 2018, um these are going to be picks 24 through 38. Don't get me wrong, you have those massive busts that people are going to point to. You have somebody like Clyde Edwards who was just in a phenomenal offense and got vaulted up because he was attached to Burrow because he was attached to somebody like Jamar Chase, Justin Jefferson. Obviously, he was in that LSU offense. you have a another bust like I want to say maybe Sony Michelle you can make an argument with the injuries for Sony Michelle that's the reason he flamed out but Sony Michelle's maybe a good comp in that you really didn't get an opportunity to see him at Georgia because he ran alongside Nick Chub and then once he gets to the NFL maybe the film guys were just a little bit too optimistic you can throw Ronald Jones onto this list as well where he was a little bit undersized coming out of USC film guys loved him on paper he didn't look that good and he fell flat as Well, but you have massive hits going in this range of the draft. You have guys like Nick Chub. And my favorite comp if you're going to say like, oh, Jarian Price is going to be able to hit is Josh Jacobs. Josh Jacobs also, we didn't have a ton of volume from him at Alabama just because there were so many running backs in that backfield that he played alongside, but once he got the round one NFL draft capital, I was completely fine taking him in dynasty rookie drafts. Um, DeAndre Swift, Javvante, Travis Tien, Naji, Breeze Hall. Um, most recently you had Quinn Sean Judkins and Trevian Henderson going there as well. So, I think that Jarian Price is in play here. For me, I would rather have the wide receivers because I think their prospect profiles are incredibly strong. Jarian Price is a little bit more of a black box, but I think you have to shoot for the ceiling because the Seattle Seahawks were willing to make that investment and he steps into the Kenneth Walker role where Zach Char is going to be missing the beginning of the season due to the torn ACL. Now, we are going to have a video that comes out tomorrow that all the experts of flockfantasy.com, we are doing a rookie mock draft together. You're going to be able to see everybody. So, just make sure you're subscribed if you're not already. Um, but there I was able to take Ty Simpson at like pick nine. And don't get me wrong, I completely understand that Tai Simpson is going to go later than this in the majority of rookie drafts. And a big reason for that is going to be the fact that you're not getting anything year one. If you're a contending team or you're a team that hopes to contend, why would you ever take Ty Simpson when possibly Kenyan Sadique can get on the field, possibly Casey Conception, Omar Cooper Jr. are able to make an impact in the second half of the season where Tai Simpson's probably not going to see a single snap. Now, my argument is I think those other rookies probably aren't going to make a difference this year either. And I believe that Tai Simpson is going to hold his value incredibly well 12 months from now. I can't really see a world in which when you look at the rankings over time chart on flockfantasy.com, Tai Simpson is worth significantly less 12 months from now than he is today. Okay, let's walk it back though because I have to at least address what everybody on YouTube, every podcaster, every analyst has told you about Tai Simpson. He's not big. He He doesn't have the size that you'd want to see from a quarterback. Maybe he doesn't have the strongest arm. maybe he doesn't have the most accurate arm and he's a one-year starter. All of these appear to be massive red flags. Anybody who watches the tape of Alabama, they've come out and they've said, "You know what, Ty Simpson should have been a second round pick. He should have been a third round pick. Him going at 13 is ludicrous." But for me, I've done it before and I'll do it again. I'm willing to admit that I'm an idiot. I get things wrong all the time. I'll say a ton of stuff in this video that turns out to be wrong. With these quarterbacks, I focus on the situation they're stepping into. the NFL draft capital indicating job security. The rushing upside they would get at the NFL level when they do start indicating if they're going to be any good at fantasy. With Tai Simpson picked 13 overall puts him in a range where he is going to get a chance to start. Like going through and looking at quarterbacks picked eight through 18 in the NFL draft since 2017. You have massive bust on this list. Michael Penn, JJ McCarthy, Justin Fields, M. Jones, Hassan Haskins, Josh Rosen. You have pretty big hits as well. You have Mahomes, you have Deshun Watson, you have Bo Nicks. Now, am I gonna come out here and say Tai Simpson's gonna be Patrick Mahomes? Of course, I'm not saying that. The big thing I want to point out, though, is every single one of these quarterbacks got a chance to start. Every single one. And with Tai Simpson, he's going to be starting with Shawn McVey as his head coach and Puka Nikku as his wide receiver one. And that's a situation that I really like, especially in a draft class that is well advertised as one of the weakest classes that we have seen in years. I'm fine taking him with a 12 team superflex 107. If you're in a 10 team superflex league, quarterbacks aren't going to matter as much. You move him down. And obviously, one quarterback league, he's off the board here. Now, if you play in a one quarterback format, or honestly, no matter what format you play in, just make sure you link your team with flockfantasy.com. There you can actually see exactly how your team stacks up in the power rankings and you can link your entire portfolio. You can get updated rankings, use the dynasty trade calculator, see all the rookie databases and have a ton of advanced analytics that you can do your own research with. Right now, if you sign up to flockfantasy.com and use code flock, you're going to get it all for only 97 bucks for the entire year. I will also be reviewing your Dynasty team, helping you make rookie draft strategies for completely free if you use code flock. And you're going to be getting a free trade question, free start set question from me as well. Links in the description, links in the comment section. See the rankings of all your favorite Dynasty creators. Now, moving over to Kenyan Sadique at pick eight here. Um, with Sadi, I will acknowledge that it is incredibly difficult to evaluate rookie tight ends coming into the NFL draft. This is something that I've got wrong over and over and over again. Whether this is me in 2017 thinking it's a good idea to take guys like David and Jooku and OJ Howard over some of the really exciting running back prospects that went in round two like Dalvin Cook and Joe Mixon. Um maybe this is me overrating the ability of Noah Fant TJ Hawinson coming into the league together thinking that they're going to be the next great tight end duo. It's very very difficult to see Titans translate their college skill set to the NFL because Titans are used wildly different from offense to offense. They play pretty much completely different positions. Now, Sadi, if we look at his prospect profile, wasn't very productive. He was the third leading receiver at Oregon this past year with 40 receiving yards per game. He did nothing as a freshman. His sophomore year was pretty disappointing as well with only 22 receiving yards per game. He was an elite athlete though, like he comes through and outside of maybe a tight end we're going to talk about in just one minute. Um, sets NFL combine records and obviously this has people very excited. He gets decent draft capital. If we look at tight ends that were selected in the middle of round one, this is like picks 9 through 23. Um, you'll see that since 2014 you have massive bust on this list like Eric Ebron, um, Noah Fant, OJ Howard, but you have really big hits as well like Coulson Lovelin, Tyler Warren, Brock Bowers. Um, and then you have somebody more so in the middle there like Evan Ingram. I would probably throw Kenyan Sadique in the Evan Ingram mold. My hold up with him is going to be you go to the New York Jets. Clearly, the Jets are going to be taking a quarterback in the 2027 class, which there are a lot of good quarterbacks in that 2027 class, but we also saw the Jets a few years ago draft a quarterback capable of winning the Super Bowl and make him look like the worst starter in the NFL and he had to leave that team. So, there are some of these franchises that you find yourself on their roster, I'm going to be dinging you kind of regardless. Like Casey Conception's another one of these players. Um, a lot of people I respect had him incredibly high coming into the NFL draft. If you looked at his analytical profile, maybe it's a little disappointing from a production standpoint because this past year at Texas A&M, um, he was actually the second leading receiver from a yards per game perspective. I'm behind Mario Craraver. Now, I am not the biggest college football guy. During the NFL season, you know what I do? I watch NFL games and if I have free time on Saturday and my Texas Longhorns are good, I'll go ahead and I'll watch Texas games. Then once we get to the off seasonason, I look around, see, okay, this is who's going to go high in the NFL draft. This is who I need to know about for dynasty. This is who I need to know about for the NFL and I'll start diving into those players. So, I wasn't super familiar, but Mario Craraver, who led Texas A&M in receiving last season, does appear to be a top five wide receiver in the 2027 class. So honestly, I'm completely fine kind of ignoring that slight knock you could have for Casey Conception. Very similar to the way that we're going to ignore the knock that Carnell Tate wasn't the wide receiver one in his own offense last season. Now, I will say there's a very big difference between Jeremiah Smith and any other college wide receiver, even a casual like me, will understand that. But Casey Conception finds himself with the Cleveland Browns, an offense that is absolute garbage in a situation in which you actually have additional competition added in in round two of this draft. I think this is a pick that you just kind of have to draft them, bet on the talent, and hope that the Cleveland Browns can get a quarterback in 2027. But very similar to what we're going to talk about with the New York Jets, I I don't know how much I trust the Cleveland Browns to be able to draft and develop a quarterback and ever have a super productive offense. Now, this range of the NFL draft though, you do get a ton of hits. Wide receivers selected in picks 21 through 27 include Casey Conception, Matthew Golden, Brian Thomas, Quinton Johnson, Z Flowers, Jordan Addison, Baitman, Rager, Jefferson, Iuk, Hollywood, DJ Moore, Calvin Ridley. But clearly you do have Bust in that range as well. It's not like a running back going top 10 where you know they're going to crush. Now Omar Cooper Jr. similar situation that you have with Casey Conception. A wide receiver talent profile. It's pretty good. If we look at his prospect profile in comparison to Elijah Serat that we have to talk about later in this video, they were wide receiver 1A and wide receiver 1A at Indiana. There's pretty much no difference. 59 receiving yards verse 58 receiving yards. It was well known that Omar Cooper was going to be going round one of the NFL draft. the film guys liked him a lot more than they liked Elijah Serat. Um, but he finds himself with the New York Jets where you have Garrett Wilson and you have Kenyan Sadi with no quarterback this year and um, for me a lack of trust for them to draft and develop a quarterback in the 2027 class. Now, he's a good wide receiver prospect. He gets the round one draft capital as well. So, I'm going to have him here as a late first, but I'm not going to be super optimistic about it. Now, I want to say after the first 10 picks, it's a pretty big fall-off. At least in my conviction of where I'm going to rank these players, where I'm going to suggest you draft these players, like we could very easily be in a situation where you log in to flockasy.com one month from now and you go, Mason, how'd you move the guy that was at 19 up to 11? And maybe it's I just needed some time. I needed to talk with some guys that I really trust. They needed to hit me up on the head and tell me, "Mason, you've lost your mind." And maybe Eli Sters is a Mason, you've lost your mind pick here at 11. Because Eli Sters was a tight end that was such an elite athlete that he was getting rumored to be potentially a late round one pick to a team like the New England Patriots. And he ends up falling to the Philadelphia Eagles. Looking at his production profile though, it's very compelling. He was the number one leading receiver this past year at Vanderbelt with 64 receiving yards per game. Now, don't get me wrong, there were wide receivers right after him, right? You had a wide receiver with 62 receiving yards per game, another wide receiver with 60 receiving yards per game. So, this is kind of a 1 A, 1 B, 1 C situation. But, nonetheless, a tight end was leading this team in receiving. You combine that with the fact that hell, he was 239 lbs. He ran a 451 and jumped out of the freaking building and was possibly the best athlete we've ever seen at the NFL combine. I like the upside that we get there with Eli Sters. He's not going to be the best blocking tight end. So, a lot of people have been talking about him possibly playing like a big slot role. Do I think that's likely? No. But you only have Dallas Goddard on a one-year deal. So, I think Eli Sters in 2027 and beyond could be a really high upside play and the Philadelphia Eagles are one of these teams that I generally trust their draft analysis more than I'm going to some of the other organizations in the NFL because they have a good hit rate. Now, Denzel Boston um goes to the Cleveland Browns, was viewed as a massive value, right? This is a wide receiver a lot of people thought was going to be going in round one. He goes to the Cleveland Browns with the seventh pick at the top of round two. Um he was a very productive player at Washington. His final season there. He doesn't have a thousand receiving yards, but he's very easily the leading receiver on his team. He has 73 receiving yards per game. The next highest guy is at 43. But very similar to the situation that we're looking at with Casey Conception. I I think Denzel Boston's probably the wide receiver, too, in what appears to be a bottom five offense in the league. and and Dynasty. We don't want to overrate the situations that these players are stepping into because they can change wildly from a year-to-year perspective, but we can go back a very long time now and see that the Cleveland Browns have been one of the worst offenses in the league. And I I don't trust them just because the 2027 class is a bunch of good quarterbacks to change that with the snap of a finger. So, I think this was a really bad landing spot. I'm sad that he fell to round two. If we look at the expected hit rate based on draft capital, like wide receivers to go at the top of round two, this like picks 35 through 44 since 2017 are guys like Denzel Boston, Luther Burton, Jaylen Pulk, Jonathan Mingo, Juell Robinson, John Mchy, Leisca Chenalt, Debo Samuel, Dante Pettis, Courtland Sutton, Curtis Samuel, Z Jones. We have a lot of bust. We have two hits which include Courtland Sutton, Debo Samuel, and potentially Luther Burden ends up hitting, but obviously too early to know on Burden. I know people are going to hate saying that. People are going to tell me that Luther Burden has a 100% chance of hitting. And if that's your opinion, then I don't think it really should change your Denzel Boston view anyway. Now, if I didn't have the confidence with the tier above this, wait until you see this tier because this tier is going to be a lot larger and we are going to have a ton of movement here. Right now, I'm going to trust two guys that maybe can't win a game in the flock league to save their lives, but I do think that they're pretty damn good when it comes to rookie analysis. Guys at Fantasy Stock Exchange absolutely love Jonah Coleman. Jonah Coleman from a production perspective, very compelling. This was a running back that has the size that we dream of. 220 lbs at 5'8 with a 33.4 BMI. A phenomenal receiving back with 31 receptions and 354 receiving yards this past season in only 12 games played. Now, the hold up with Jonah Coleman is we know that he's not going to be a great athlete. There's a reason we didn't get to see him test at the NFL combine this past season. But for you to have the size, for you to have the receiving skill set, if your only red flag is your lack of athleticism, bringing your draft capital down in a weak draft class, I think that's completely fine with you taking a shot on this guy in round two. I don't want to be as crazy as they are here with Jonah Coleman because they're coming out and saying, you know what, he's for sure more valuable than R.J. Harvey. He's for sure the guy over RJ Harvey. I'm not going to take it that far. I think that Jonah Coleman this year, more likely than not, not making an impact like most of these rookies. But if we do end up seeing JK Dobbins, who's on the one-year deal, be nothing in 2027 and beyond, Coleman could lead this backfields with R.J. Harvey um playing second fiddle. Could also be R.J. Harvey with Jonah Coleman in the committee kind of nonetheless. I think it's probably going to be a committee, but a committee behind one of the best offensive lines in the NFL with a young promising quarterback with JK Dobbins gone in 2027. So, um, Coleman, good running back, not a great athlete, crowded, but good landing spot. Now, Jeremy Bernard's going to be our next player. With Jeremy Bernard, um, this is a wide receiver that the production profile in my mind is very compelling because again, I'm going to admit I'm a college football casual, but even myself a casual. I know that Ryan Williams is a very good wide receiver prospect. And Jeremy Bernard actually outproduced Ryan Williams this past year. 61 receiving yards per game in comparison to 49 receiving yards per game. And you get decent draft capital where he goes at pick 15 in the second round. That's going to be very comparable to what you get with somebody like Denzel Boston. If you look at the expected historical hit rate of these guys that go in the middle of round two, it's like picks 42 through 52. Um you had Jeremy Bernard this year 2024 Adani Mitchell 2023 Jaden Reed Jell Robinson John Mchy um Thornton George Pickkins is really the big hit that you have on this list Rondell Moore Leisa Chanel KJ Hamler Chase Clay so you have a lot of these guys that ultimately did nothing at all but you have the one big hit with Pickkins which um I think the landing spot combined with the historical hit rate for these mid round two eyes isn't super compelling because the Steelers have what I perceive to be very bad quarterback play this next season. And while we don't trust the Jets or the Browns to be a great offense in the future because of their organization's ineptitude from the top down through the past recent history, um the Pittsburgh Steelers, I don't trust that they're going to have a great quarterback in 2027 and beyond because they are kind of too good to get a top five NFL draft pick. So, crowded wide receiver room, not a great quarterback room, and I don't see the quarterback room getting that much better going into the future. So, I'm not super excited here. And I guess the one hope that you would have is Drew Aller ends up being great. Now, I will say the rushing upside appears to be there. He had 28 rushing yards per game this past season. Of course, shortened season due to injury. And of course, um, with these collegiate rushing stats for quarterbacks, they take sacks as negative rushing yards, so it actually have been a little bit higher. He steps into a situation where we don't know exactly if Rogers is going to be the starting quarterback for the Steelers this next season. I'm actually kind of operating under the assumption that it is going to be Aaron Rogers. But even so, if Rogers does come back, I think it's going to be like a one-year at best deal. Now, the reason I'm gonna have Drew Aller, who I think has rushing upside and a clear path to start, though, lower than I initially thought was, look at the historical hit rate that we have with these round three quarterbacks. The guys since 2019 to get drafted in round three of the NFL draft, Carson Beck, Drew Aller, we'll talk about Carson Beck in a minute. Um Jaylen Milro, Dylan Gabriel, Henden Hooker, who we may never see. Desmond Ritter, who I wish I never saw. Um Malik Willis, who yes, we're going to get to see him in Miami. Probably set up to fail. Matt Carell, Bailey Zappy, Kellen Mann, Davis Mills, Will Greer. Historically, if the quarterback's great, they're not making it to round three. Now, you can go back and look 30 years ago and tell me Tom Brady got drafted in round six. You can look back 20 years ago and point at Russell Wilson. You can look back 10 years ago and point at Dak Prescott. Yes, very occasionally you do have those very compelling quarterbacks um stories, but from a hit rate perspective, it's very low when we're looking at these quarterbacks in this range. Carson Beck, very similar to Drew Aller, I think actually does have a very clear path to beating the starter in Arizona. Like I'm not a big Jacobe Brassette guy by any stretch of the imagination. I think this could be a good situation he would step into as well, but he's not going to have as much rushing upside. Like I think honestly by the time you even see this video, I may have the tight ends ranked ahead of these quarterbacks. Max Claire, I maybe I'm holding it against them, but I was really looking forward to Terence Ferguson this year. I I thought that Terren Ferguson was going to be like a sneaky best baseball pick for me in the underdog drafts we're about to start doing every day. I actually had Terren Ferguson on some Dynasty teams and now that Max Claire's there, I'm a lot less optimistic, especially knowing that when you get the most recent second round pick, I'm going to be assuming that the team like the Rams who had Terren Ferguson in the building, if they really liked Ferguson, I don't know if they would have gone out and they would have drafted another tight end in round two. So, I'm going to prefer Max Clair over Terren Ferguson. I definitely think that Ferg could still be the tight end here, but Claire's most likely the guy. Um, looking at his production profile, again, it's so damn hard to know with these tight ends. At Ohio State, it wasn't crazy, but he had to compete with Jeremiah Smith and Cardell Tate. So, he was the third leading receiver on the team. You can't do much better than that when you're competing with those wide receivers. 2024 Purdue, though, he did lead this team in receiving with 57 receiving yards per game. The next highest wide receiver was at 36. So that is very compelling. Eli Raridan ends up going close to pick 100 in the NFL draft. Looking at his situation that he had at Notre Dame, um he had a lot of competition, right? You had Jeremiah Love, you have Malachi Fields. He sees 40 receiving yards per game. Two wide receivers were ahead of him in yards per game. Um athleticism not bad. Nothing to write home about. It's not like we can say that he's a Kenyan Sadi and Eli Stours level athlete. The landing spot undoubtedly is like the best landing spot you could possibly ask for with the New England Patriots. Um, New England according to Diane Rousini. It has AG Brown and that's going to be about it. Obviously, Max Cla way more competition especially in the tight end room as well. So, if you wanted to put Rarent ahead of Claire, not going to fault you for it. I think hell you could put him as high as 13 and I'm not going to argue with you. Now, moving over to Jacobe Lane as well as Zachariah Branch. This is um a very difficult range of the NFL draft to find hits from. Like, of course, you can sit here and you can make an argument of why you may like these guys for a multitude of different reasons, right? I'm not going to be able to um tell you that you're wrong one way or another. Um, if we look though at wide receivers selected here around pick 80, the guys since 2017, none of them hit. Branch, Lane, Jaylen Null, Germaine Burton, Josh DS, Dy Brown, Lynn Bowden, Brian Edwards, Michael Gallop, Ardarius Story, and Carlos Henderson. Um, if we are going to at least say some positive things, I really like the landing spot for both wide receivers. Jacobe Lane going to the Baltimore Ravens, you could very easily see him being the wide receiver, too. Zachariah Branch going to the Atlanta Falcons, you could very easily see him being the wide receiver, too. My main concern is if these guys don't hit early, are they even worth third round picks next off season? And then going down to the F tier, I mean, honestly, I think you could throw these guys in with Lane, Zachariah Branch. Um, Chris Bell is a wide receiver that finds himself with the Miami Dolphins and nobody to compete for with targets, right? He had 83 receiving yards per game in comparison to the next best wide receiver at Louisville with 48. Um, this range of the NFL draft since 2017, has had a couple hits like you had Michael Wilson, you had Kenny Gall. You could maybe make an argument they were one-year wonders. We'll see what happens with Michael Wilson. Um, but probably expect a low hit rate with a bottom five offense in the league, but very limited competition, of course. Going over and looking at dribbling. Um, I'm going to be honest with y'all. Again, I don't watch a lot of college football. What I do is I go ahead watch the NFL during the NFL season, during the offseason, try to catch up on everybody that I'm supposed to know about. Nobody was telling me that dribbling was somebody that was important. Nobody was telling me he was supposed to be anything close to a wide receiver going inside the top 64 picks or whatever. Going pick 33 um really surprised me in a way that I just had to completely go back and look at his profile again and ask the FSE guys, who the hell is this dude? Why did he go here? Because I pull up the Old Miss stats from this past season. He wasn't the wide receiver one at Old Miss. As a fiftheyear senior, he was unable to crack 1,000 receiving yards in an offense that averaged 313 receiving yards per game. And an offense that had 4700 passing yards. Stribbling as a fifthear senior wasn't able to hit a thousand. That type of production profile almost crosses you off my board entirely. Very similar to what we saw with Matthew Golden this past season. But the 33rd overall draft capital finding himself in a phenomenal situation with the ners does make it where he at least needs to be like a second round dynasty pick. Elijah Serat, I understand that the film guys say he is significantly worse than Omar Cooper and you can see that with the draft capital here as well, but I don't know. You do get a decent landing spot with the Baltimore Ravens again. You could very easily see him turning into the wide receiver too here. and the production profile was very very similar to what you had with Omar Cooper. And then Kaylin Black, a running back that I did not think was important. Um, Davis popped into the live stream last night and he told me that Black was the first running back that was not invited to the NFL combine that went as a top three running back in the NFL draft ever. We've seen that the 49ers continuously almost have a completely different draft board than what anybody else has. And what I would be worried about with block as well is he just didn't really have a receiving role at Indiana. He had a receiving role at James Madison in the Sunb Belt. But this past year, four receptions in an offense that played 16 games. So, obviously just a handcuff at the very best, but when we update our rankings on flockfantasy.com, I don't even know if he's going to be able to stay inside the top 24. But, um, obviously, if y'all wanted to keep up to date with all my rankings, all those databases on flockfantasy.com, they're all going to be updated shortly as well. Not only my rankings, but the rankings of everybody you pretty much watch on YouTube. Flockfantasy.com, code flock. I'll take a look at your Dynasty team, come up with a plan for you for completely free and you'll get 30% off any subscription and at the same time you're going to be getting the best tools to help you win your Dynasty League. But links in the description, links in the comment section. Much love, ladies and gentlemen. I really appreciate you and I hope I get to see you out with the live stream sometime
