Title: Top 40 Cornerstone Dynasty Rankings & Tiers

For the purposes of this video, we're going to define a cornerstone asset as a 24 year old player or younger. The main reason we're going to be looking at this rather than just overall dynasty rankings, which one are posted on the site, and two I will eventually get to you on a video, is these are players that you can build around even if you are a rebuilding team. Obviously, if you're a rebuilder, probably doesn't make sense for you to go after AJ Brown. However, if you are actually going to be a rebuilding roster and right now you are sitting with a player like Drake London, you don't necessarily need to go out of your way and sell him right this second. So, starting off tier one, we are going to have Jaden Daniels. Now, I will say, of course, if we had more space on the screen, maybe we would throw Jaden Daniels in his own tier. Um, we all understand that Daniels is at the very worst the third or fourth player off the board in Dynasty Startups at the moment. He was the quarterback five in his rookie season. He went out there and add 891 rushing yards, 11 carries inside the 5yd line. So you may actually see the rushing touchdown number go up from only six rushing touchdowns this past year. Still on the rookie deal. So the Washington Commanders are going out of their way. They're trying to get him additional weapons in the form of guys like Debo Samuel. So Jaden Daniels, even if he does regress slightly in year two, similar to what CJ Strad did from a passing standpoint, given what he can do as a rusher, you can pretty much pencil him in to be a quarterback one every single season that he is a full-time starter, and he will be unless he gets injured. Now, going over to our next player in this year, we're going to have Malik Neighbors. I know the Giants don't get a great quarterback, right? But the Giants do the best they can this offseason in comparison to what Malik Neighbors had to deal with as a rookie. He should have better quarterback play with some combination of Russell Wilson and Jackson Dart. Maybe somehow someway you end up getting Jameus Winston. If that's the case, Malik Neighbors will be the wide receiver one overall in fantasy. The crazy thing if you're looking at this screenshot from flockfantasy.com is Malik Neighbors last year had 34.9% of the New York Giants targets when he played a 35% team target share. His yards per route run only at 2.2, too, but he was in one of the worst offenses in the NFL. He did absolutely everything he could. If you have any improvement whatsoever at the quarterback position this year, which looks like it may be the case, Malik Neighbors could take that jump to actually be a top three wide receiver in fantasy. If we're looking at a 21-year-old wide receiver rookie seasons, Neighbors did have the best one ever. The next best was Jamar Chase, then Justin Jefferson, then Mike Evans, Guju, Keenan Allen, Braden Cook, Samari Cooper, CD Lamb, Jeremy Mlin. So, only studs on the list. Now, Puka Nikkua, insane what he did last year. I know some people have wanted to disrespect Puka for whatever reason as of late, but if you were looking at his yards per route run, he was at 4.07. He was at the very top of the NFL. Now, yes, he got injured. Now, yes, you have Dvonte Adams coming over, so you do get additional target competition, but frankly, it's not going to matter for me whatsoever. If you look at the historical comps for players at an similar age 23 season to Puka Nua, you had Jamar Chase, Justin Jefferson, Odell Beckham Jr., Brandon Marshall, Chris Godwin, Anquin Balden, Keenan Allen, David Boston, and then Puka Nua. The most likely outcome, the following year at age 24, is a 20 to 23 point season from a points per game perspective. Maybe long term, you have questions about Stafford, but Stafford should be a good quarterback obviously in the short term. I know people are going to hate this and I completely understand why and I'm not going to fault you at all if you want to throw Jir Gibbs, Bejian Robinson or Brock Bowers over him. If you look at most of the creators over on flockfantasy.com, if you sort by the expert average, you will see Gibbs and Bejon ahead of Ashton Genty. I'm willing to go out on a limb. I'm willing to go out there and say, you know what, if you are looking at one, where Ashton Genty is getting drafted in reddraft leagues at the moment going in the midfirst backto back with Bejian and Gibbs, two, the fact that you are getting an additional two years on this rookie contract, and three, where he stacks up with this historical prospect grade on flockfantasy.com, you will see the only players that were better prospects according to the FSE model, Saquon Barkley, Bejian Robinson. In my opinion, I think Genty was an even better prospect than Bejon. But nonetheless, we look at the other running backs next to him, Christian McAffrey, Ezekiel Elliott, Leonard Fornette, Jonathan Taylor, Joe Mixon. Every single one of these guys has multiple running back one finishes. Every single one. Maybe Jonathan Taylor. Uh if you look at points per game, he does, but non points per game, he gets hurt. Regardless, I think we can safely pencil in Ashen Genty to be a running back one in fantasy right now. Be right next to Gibbs and Bejon from a total points perspective this season. You're getting the two additional years. Running back's not like wide receivers. With the hit rates that you have here, he is a very safe option. So, we're going to be sticking with Genty one. If you wanted to go Gibbs at one, I'm not going to fault you for it. Gibbs had over 350 fantasy points this past season. Jamir Gibbs was the running back one in total fantasy points. Obviously Barkley was running back one in a points per game perspective. The man had over 500 receiving yards, 27% juke rate. If we look at his historical comps based off his age 22 season, you have guys like CMC, Lehan McCoy, Kareem Hunt, Ray Rice, Steve Sllayton, Joe Mixon, James Robinson, Saquon Barkley. I would be very surprised if he turned out to be James Robinson given the NFL draft capital. He's a hell of a lot closer to McAffrey than he is J-Rob. And going over looking at Bejon, Bjon was the RB3 this past year. Back-to-back seasons of 17 games played, 22% juke rate. The man ran almost 300 routes. He had 72 targets, 61 receptions. Um, super safe option if you want to put him at running back one as well. going through and looking at his historical comps given his age last year, you were looking at Kareem Hunt, Ray Rice, Steve Sllayton, Joe Mixon, James Robinson, Trenton Richardson, Saquon Barkley, Bejian Robinson, and the Jir Gibbs. And I think Bejan's a hell of a lot closer to Saquon Barkley than you have again with these guys like Kareem Hunt, with these guys like James Robinson based off Barkley also being the elite level prospect. Now going over and looking at what we have with Brock Bowers. Um clearly the tight end one in Dynasty. I think you could throw him over the running backs. I think you could throw him over Puganua if you're playing in a tight end premium format that places a large emphasis on building around the tight end position. If you were looking at what he managed to do in his rookie season, he puts up the best rookie tight end season of all time. The next best Sam Leaporta, then Jordan Reed. Um Jordan Matthews was a wide receiver then converted to tight end. Ignore him. Um Jeremy Shocki, Evan Ingram, Kyle Pittz, Hunter Henry, Aaron Hernandez, John Carlson, and then Rob Gronkowski. Brock Bowers was significantly better than the majority of these players at 15.5 fantasy points per game where Leaporta's season was at 13.8. And if you look at Bowers, he did it with volume. It wasn't just him getting lucky with touchdowns like Leaporta. The man had 153 targets and 112 receptions. So super safe play. Again, if you're playing in the tight end premium format, you can move him all the way up to number three on this list. Now, let's go over and let's look at Caleb Williams. With Caleb, I understand that most people are going to have him behind Brian Thomas. Most people are going to have him behind Drake May. Completely get it. But for me, he did not have a horrendous rookie season. We'll look at some really bad rookie seasons later on when we talk about Bryce Young. He had a fine rookie year, 5.8 adjusted yards per pass attempt. He gave you rushing upside with 483 rushing yards. Now he had no carries inside the five yard line. He had no rushing touchdowns. So they didn't really turn into many fantasy points, but you saw the rushing upside is there. You have the improvement with the coaching staff. You have his weapons this next year being a top 10 drafted tight end. DJ Moore, a top 10 drafted receiver in Roma Dunce, Luther Burden with the new supporting cast. I think Caleb Williams, you can pencil him in for quarterback one production this season. And then if he does go out there and he's the quarterback six and points per game very easily, he's going to be a consensus round one starter pick next off seasonason, which is kind of where I have him already to be honest. Now, going over to Brian Thomas, yes, I will admit I did move him down a bit after the Jacksonville Jaguars traded up to take a wide receiver at pick two overall. And yes, you will see with these rankings, I have Brian Thomas ranked ahead of Travis Hunter. But if we are going to be honest with each other, the probability of Travis Hunter being the wide receiver one in Jacksonville. While it may not necessarily be super high, it is there. There is a chance. Brian Thomas had a phenomenal rookie season. 25% team target share, 2.55 yards per route run. He was the wide receiver four in total fantasy points. He did this with an injured Trevor Lawrence. He did this in a disgusting offense. He's a great player. He was a great prospect. Great across the board. But I do think Travis Hunter coming in, if he's going to play wide receiver and he has that kind of a prospect profile, will eat into the target share that you are getting from Thomas. Now, going over and looking at Drake London, it's difficult to sit here and project out exactly what we should have in Atlanta. I think a lot of this hinges on what your current expectations are for Michael Penn. One thing I haven't heard many people talk about is obviously we go back to that Michael Penn offense, his final season. You had Roma Dunce get drafted inside the top 10. You had Jaylen P going round two and you had Jaylen McMillan go round three all from that offense. Pennix was a surprise top 10 pick in the NFL draft. And as we look back with Jaylen P turning out to be nothing, Roma Dunce, we'll talk about him in a second, having a horrendous rookie season and McMillan, if you look at the efficiency from a yards per route run standpoint, pretty damn bad. He scored touchdowns, so he scored fantasy points. People thought he was great. I don't know if we can overlook the possibility that Michael Pinnick made these wide receivers look better than they were in college. And if that's going to be the case, I think you should be really excited about what you're going to get with London. I'm going over looking at Lad McConi. Lad little bit of an older rookie, so obviously expectations were that he was going to come in and be maybe a little bit more pro ready, but he was great. 2.56 yards per route run. While they go out there and they take a wide receiver in the NFL draft, similar to the Jacksonville Jaguars, the wide receiver they take was a round two pick and does not have anything close to the prospect profile that you're going to get with the Travis Hunter. If you look historically at wide receivers that have a similar age 23 season to Lad Maki, you're looking at Tyreek Hill, AJ Green, DJ Moore, Brandon Cooks, Jeremy Macklin, DJ Shark, Tagans, Sydney Rice, and Nate Burlson. So I think lad great range of outcomes, great rookie season and you can be excited going over and looking at Drake May if you check out the rankings on flockfantasy.com and of course I will really really stress if you are either going to be in a rookie draft if you are going to be in a startup draft regardless of what you were going to be in you need to make sure you were looking at the rankings on the site and at the very least even if you're not a paid member of the site the expert rankings are free and you will see in those expert rankings Drake May well ahead where he's ranked here. Now, of course, I think you can make an argument to have May ahead of any one of these players inside the same tier. That's why we're doing this as tiers. If you're listening to some of the guys on the site, they'll make the argument that, oh, when Drake May did play a bunch, he was great. You had some of these weeks where he drops 20 fantasy points. You have some of these other weeks where he's at 19 and a half, 19 and a half. He has one, two, three, four quarterback one finishes as a rookie. What I would sit here in comparison to a player like Caleb Williams is I would say Drake May's weapons coming into this next year, 32-year-old wide receiver coming off a torn ACL, an underwhelming wide receiver prospect they just took took in round three of the draft. If we're comparing what you have in Chicago, you have DJ Moore. I'd rather have DJ Moore than Stefon Digs at this point. Roman Dunay, Luther Burton, top 10 NFL draft pick when it comes to tight ends. both getting the improvements with the coaching staff, but I think honestly Ben Johnson's probably a little bit of a better offensive line than what you're gonna have with Rael. Rael may be a better coach. I don't know. So, I'm going Caleb, especially given the fact that Caleb was the better prospect coming in, or at least that's what everybody who evaluates quarterbacks told us. Now, going down and looking at our next tier, um, a Chan's turning into Alvin Kamar. Like, game is game. We got to respect it. We got to call it out. The dude ran over 300 routes this past year. He had 87 targets. Now, of course, the efficiency dropped off a map as you should have expected it to. And he was really, really bad in those games without Tua. Those games without Tua, like right after the Buffalo performance, get eight points, five points, two points, 10 points. Disgusting. But if you look at the splits with and without Tua for Achan, this past year, it was at 22 points per game with Tua and 8 and a half points per game without Tua. This is a pretty thin Miami Dolphins depth chart. Now, running back, we can reasonably expect that HN continues to get a massive, massive role when it comes to his receiving outlook. And I think it's very easy to say in a full PBR format, he is a mid- running back one this year. And we've already seen it. Now, going over and looking at Hampton, um, Hampton you could easily rank over Han right this second if you wanted to. Again, I think with these rookie running backs, my general take is with the big, what are we going to say, the big five, the big four, the big four, right? You have Genty, you have Hampton, you have Henderson, you have Judkins. I would rather overrank these guys than underrank them. Hampton, if you look at his best comps and the prospect profile, Taylor, Mixon, ETN, Javvante, Bree, Naji, Jir, Gibbs, and Alvin Kamara, he checks every single box you'd ever look for. He has the size to be a three-own player. He carried that three-down workload in college. He has the athleticism to be a star running back. He gets the round one NFL draft capital. He had the receiving upside. Finds a good offensive line. Finds a good coaching staff. Finds a good quarterback. There's nothing not to be desired here with Hampton. You can go all in right this second. If you wanted to put him over Han, you do you. You can go for it. I think Han's going to help contending teams a little bit more. Hampton would help rebuilding teams a little bit more. The only concern is Naji will play all 17 games. The dude always does and he'll probably have a little bit of a role at the beginning of the year, but obviously Dynasty long-term outlook not a super big concern. Now, another thing that if you check out the flockfantasy.com expert rankings, you will see that I'm way off from everybody else on is I'm putting CJ Stroud over Bicks. Now, this is something I could be dead wrong with, and I want to address the fact that Bicks has scored more fantasy points in his rookie season than CJ Strad did in either year 1 or year two. Bix scored about 320 fantasy points with not really much to speak at with his weapons. Bixs was great. Now, Bo Knicks and CJ Strad are really funny if you were going to be looking at their age. CJ Shroud is a younger quarterback than Bo Knicks. And if you look at the efficiency of CJ Shroud, CJ Shroud was at 8.1 adjusted yards per pass attempt as a rookie. Bo Nick's at 6.5. Bo Nicks had the four rushing touchdowns and he had the 430 rushing yards. So, for me, I'm not ready to say that Bo Knicks is a better real life NFL quarterback than CJ Strad. Maybe I need to just go um take the LM Mason, what are we talking about here? This is fantasy. Bo Nicks has more rushing upside than Strad does. Just take Knicks. Which is a completely fair argument to make. And honestly, why I think probably most people on the site are ran to rank Bo Knicks ahead of CJ. Now, sticking with the trend that I'm going to be higher on these rookies, especially for rebuilding teams than most people, I stand by Travis Hunter and not Ted McMillan, T-Mac, whatever you want to call him. They are elite wide receiver prospects. Now, this is an underwhelming wide receiver class on the on the whole. That's why you'll see we're very aggressive with Hunter. We're very aggressive with McMillan. You look later on with Golden, Eggbuka, whatever it is, you can rank them as low as you want to. but specifically with Hunter Heisman winner, all the efficiency you could ever want while on top of this playing defense full-time in college. If you believe the Jags coaching staff where they are saying Hunter is a wide receiver first and he is going to learn the defensive playbook as time goes on. I hear that as them saying, "Hey, we're going to throw the dude to bone and yeah, he can play a little bit of defense if he wants, but we're going to put him at the more valuable position in the NFL." You know, that's what NFL teams think when the top 10 players in combined wide receiver quarterback contracts, the first nine are wide receivers until you get your highest paid corner. I think Travis Hunter mainly plays receiver. I think he's a generational level prospect. T McMillan, T-Mac, the same exact thing. You go over to the FSE prospect model. The only prospects that were better were Neighbors Harrison, Chase, Lamb. Right after McMillan, you have London, Rome, Devont Smith, AJ Brown, and Justin Jefferson. Insane market share numbers, plus top 10 draft capital. Finds a landing spot, raise the long-term alpha one there. Going over and looking at JSN, JSN, horrible rookie season, much better year two. I maybe I'm going to be out on a limb. Maybe this is not what people want to hear, but JSN, great counting stats last season. 100 receptions, looks amazing, almost 1,200 receiving yards. Plays all 17 games, which obviously you're not going to count that against him, but if we look under the hood and we look at the efficiency of this year, 1.83 with his yards per route run, definitely an improvement, up from 1.33 as a rookie. And I'm not sitting here and telling you that Jackson Smith and Jigba is not good. I think that he is very, very good and he is the clear alpha. And I think you should expect a 25 plus% team target share in Seattle. But if the overall offense regresses, we see fewer pass attempts in general. And Sam Darnold's not as efficient as what Gino Smith is. And I can't sit here and tell you if Darnold's better than Smith. But what I can say is um Gino commanded a bigger contract than Sam Darnold did. I don't know if JSN has the same level upside as what we are seeing with the rookies. I think he definitely has a lot higher of a floor. Um, going over looking at Marvin Harrison again, I think Harrison is arguably a better prospect than Hunter, arguably a better prospect than McMillan, but I do need to address the fact that he didn't have a great rookie season. 1.68 yards per out run, much better of a rookie season than what you had with like Jackson Smith and Jigba. But if you do look at the historical hit rates, it is going to lower it quite dramatically. Now, I will say he still comp some really strong seasons opposed to previous 22-year-old wide receivers like Calvin Johnson, Drake London, Deshawn Jackson, Stefon Diggs, Andre Johnson, Dez Bryant, Dante Monree, Tory Smith, Robert Woods, Marvin Harrison. So, maybe it's too low to have Harrison here. I know 99% of people watching this are going to put him ahead of the rookies and you are 100% in your right mind to do so. You could put Harrison all the way up. I would have Hampton ahead of him. But if you wanted to put him right before Strad, you do you. I'm not going to argue with you for a second about it. The main thing I want to address with this tier is if you don't want to put Hunter McMillan ahead of these guys like Jason and Harrison, fair point. And maybe you shouldn't, but I definitely think you should be viewing them as comparable options. Now, let's drop down our next tier and let's look at Cam Ward. Now, with Cam Ward, again, y'all know I say this all the time. I'm never going to sit here and tell you that I'm some expert quarterback scout. I'm not. NFL isn't. It's extremely difficult to evaluate these guys. Would I look at a situation they step into? I look at NFL draft capital indicating what NFL talent evaluators think combined with job security at the next level and rushing upside if it's going to impact their fantasy football floor ceiling combo. What I think is funny here with Cam Ward situation odd length's horrible as opposed to what normal number one picks go to. And if you go back and you look at every rookie draft over the past three, four years, where do the guys that get selected at number one overall in the NFL draft typically get drafted in rookie drafts? Where did Caleb Williams go last year? Oh, Caleb Williams was pretty much the consensus 101. No. And now Cam Ward coming in maybe didn't have the name cache that Aba Williams did two years out from the NFL draft. He does get the number one NFL draft capital and a lot of people are viewing him as the sixth best rookie in this class. No longer ranking the first quarterback off the board as the 101. Instead ranking him as the 106. Now you'll see with my rankings I am the 105. I'm not saying that he should be the 101 by any stretch of the imagination. But I think Ward is still a very nice asset to buy into Bucky Irving. Phenomenal rookie season, right? 30% juke rate. Insane. The reason I'm gonna have Bucky below the tier of like Achan Hampton, one, maybe I'm wrong in saying this, I think Hampton's a much better running back. I think Hampton's in a rush first offense. I think Achan's shown us an elite ceiling that Bucky maybe hasn't gotten to just yet, where Bucky this past year had zero games with more than 30 fantasy points. Um, Bucky is still great in his own right, but what I'm going to need to see from him that Achan did in year two, and if he does it, cool, we'll move him right up, is I need to see the receiving skill set continue to expand. If we can get Buck Irving up to a similar target share as what Achan had, where Bucky Irving this past year was sitting at about an 8% team target share, where Achan was sitting at about a 15%. I think you could very easily make the argument to move Bucky ahead in the tears up next to Harrison. Now, Trevian Henderson will be our next guy. Um, given Henderson's receiving skill set, the fact that he's going to an offense that we expect to be much much better this next year with Drake May. Again, I'm fine ranking him ahead of Bree Hall right away. I'm going allin on these rookies. You have the receiving skill set. You have an offense that should be better. Not many weapons in it. So I think Trevon Henderson from a target chair perspective could look similar to Alvin Kamar's rookie season. Now the efficiency is probably not going to be there because Alvin Kamar is a super special running back of course but he checks pretty much every single box that we are looking at such as Quinchon Judkins does. We'll talk about in a bit. I'm going to prefer Bree over Judkins though. Difference being I think Judkins you're in a really bad offense and you're going to have to deal with a committee and I don't know if Judkins has the same level receiving role that Bree Hall does for these full PPR formats. Now going over and looking at our next guy. Realistically um Garrett Wilson needs to be in the same exact tier with Bree Hall Quinchon Judkins. Um I will get that updated on the site. Garrett Wilson belongs in the tier above. He is in the C tier. I am obviously very concerned in the short term with Justin Fields coming in with Fields. He's been able to establish one wide receiver one in fantasy before and that was DJ Moore. I do not want to discount what DJ Moore was able to do with Justin Fields in his final year in Chicago. Uh Garrett Wilson has seen the efficiency look very bad over the past two years, however, where he has been sitting at 1.56 and 1.71 yards per out run. And if you wanted to sit here and make an argument, well, Mason, you just have to contextualize this. Garrett Wilson had horrible quarterback play with Rogers. He had horrible quarterback play with Zack Wilson. Well, I agree with you. I think that Zach Wilson's a much worse quarterback than Justin Fields is from a passing perspective, especially providing volume. I don't necessarily know if we can say the same thing from Aaron Rogers to Justin Fields. So, the main thing is I just think that the Jets are horrible. I don't like wide receivers and horrible offenses. Malik Neighbors has shown us the elite ceiling in a horrible offense where Garrett Wilson just simply never has. So, I'm maybe going to be a little bit hesitant with Wilson, but I do think he needs to be up in the same tier as these guys like Bree Henderson Judkins. Um, going over to McCarthy again, stating what we always do when it comes to these quarterbacks. we haven't seen in the NFL. It is extremely difficult to evaluate these guys. I'm not going to be able to sit here and tell you, "Oh, J.J. McCarthy looked good in the preseason. That means he's going to be a good real life quarterback." I have no idea. But going back to what we always do, when we're looking at the quarterbacks coming into the league, you need to evaluate the situations they're stepping into. Like, let's just all be in agreement here. Would Brock Pury be as good of an NFL quarterback if instead of going to the Niners franchise, he went to the Cleveland Browns? He went to the New York Jets? No. We probably wouldn't even know his name. For looking at McCarthy, he is going over and stepping into a situation with the best weapons in the NFL. Not only the best weapons in the NFL, but on top of this, a great coaching staff that just elevated Sam Darnold. So, I'm fine betting on McCarthy early because if a quarterback's ever going to succeed, it is in this situation. Uh, Michael Pennix has a fine little situation himself. 6.4 adjusted yards per pass attempt in a very limited role that we saw last year. Um, when he did start, we did get the 312 passing yards, which obviously was really nice to see, but it's just extremely difficult to look at his last game against Carolina Panthers and say, "Oh, we know what's going to happen this next year. Um, going over and looking at Xavier Worthy, if it wasn't for the second half of the Super Bowl, I wonder where he would be priced at the moment. I really want to be an unworthy because if you remember, this is a 21-year-old wide receiver coming into the NFL, gets the round one draft capital attached to Mahomes, immediately starts producing and is decently efficient in a low volume passing attack. And now you're going to year two where we typically expect that those efficient rookies command a larger role. And if Worthy gets more volume, you could see that year two explosion that we're used to for these options. The concern is one, does Rice dominate the targets? And I know you're not going to see Rice on this list. Rashi Rice is a lot older than you some of y'all think. But besides that, if Rice dominates the targets, if Rice is healthy and not suspended, it may cap the overall ceiling of Worthy, especially knowing that with Worthy's frame, he probably never profiles to be a wide receiver earning 180 targets in a season anyway. Now, let's talk about Bryce Young. And with Bryce Young, let me give the positives first because people are about to get really upset with what I say. The positives are he is going to be with a dramatically improved situation in 2025 as opposed to what he had in 2023 and 2024 with Bryce Young as well. He's extremely young. He is younger than Michael Penn. He is younger than Bo Knicks by quite a bit. So those are going to be the positives. Much much better situation, young and he definitely showed improvement in the second half of the year. You go in the second half of the season starting against say the Kansas City Chiefs, 8.1, 6.9, 4.9, 5.3, 7.6, 8.7, 9.2 adjusted yards per pass attempt. You add in a wide receiver that I believe to be an elite prospect with T-MAC, all looks bullish for Young, but we need to call a spade a spade and we need to objectively look at his first two NFL seasons. And again, I just gave all the excuses. I already know what you're going to say in the comment section and I agree with you. I know he had a bad situation. I know he was set up to fail. I know it's a better situation this next year. And I know he improved in year two, specifically in the second half. His first two seasons have been horrific. A spade is a spade. 4.5 adjusted yards per pass attempt in his rookie season. 5.6 adjusted yards per pass attempt in year two. The man was sitting here with 16 games started in his rookie season and 11 passing touchdowns. 14 games in his second year and 15 passing touchdowns. was horrendous. Now, reasons to believe is going to get a lot better. So, please don't get triggered. If we go ahead and we look at quarterbacks to have this poor of a start of their NFL career, to have less than five adjusted yards per pass attempt as a rookie and less than six adjusted yards per pass attempt in year two, here's the list. Bryce Young, Kenny Picket, Zack Wilson, Justin Fields, Blaine Gabbert, Mark Sanchez, Kyle Bowler, Joey Harrington, David Carr, and for whatever reason, Joey Harrington shows up twice. This is not a list of future star NFL quarterbacks. It's not. It's a list of NFL bust. I'm not saying Bryce Young's guaranteed to be that. There are reasons to believe that he can improve this next season, but I would much prefer the guys like Penn and McCarthy where we haven't seen the failure at the NFL level yet. Now, going over to our next tier, Jordan Addison, I think from a talent perspective, similar to Garrett Wilson, from a talent perspective, belongs much higher on this list. Bitnikov winner, good rookie season, good year two, but going into this next year, he's probably going to get suspended, which isn't a super big deal from a dynasty perspective, but McCarthy is still a wild card. And while I think McCarthy is set up to succeed, we frankly don't know. And you are always going to be second fiddle to Justin Jefferson. And now you have TJ Hawinson healthy for a full season. So for Addison to really be a fantasy monster, you are going to need McCarthy to like turn into Baker Mayfield from last year with his passing volume. Going over and looking at Roma Dunce, Roma's horrible. Okay. Um again, reasons to believe that he can get a lot better this next year. Ben Johnson improved coaching staff. Caleb Williams going into year two and Roma Dunce going into year two. And he was a really good prospect coming out. He's a top 10 NFL draft pick. But calling the spade a spade here. very similar to what we are doing with Bryce Young. We have to address how bad he was. 1.32 yards per route run. The man ran 552 routes. He played 85% of the snaps for the Chicago Bears. He did not fail because he didn't get on the fields. He didn't He failed because he couldn't get open. He failed because Kale Williams wouldn't throw him the ball. And now a coaching staff that didn't draft him decides to immediately take a tight end with their first pick at 10 and turn around and decide to I don't know take a good wide receiver prospect in the second round. That is concerning for Roma Dunce. I know people are going to say, "Well, Jackson Smith and Jigba had a bad rookie season." But you just you can't look at the most recent example of a player having a poor rookie season than breaking out in year two and justifying that for all these guys that have poor rookie seasons. A lot of times when they have bad rookie seasons, they're bad. We go ahead and we look at wide receivers that had similar age 22 year to Roma Dunce. You have Travis Taylor, Hollywood Brown, Corey Davis, Romeo Dobs, Titus Young, Taon Austin, Tyler Boyd, Marlon Brown, Ace Sanders. If Rome turns out to be any of these guys or the average of these players, it will be a very bad career for a player that was a top 10 pick. Going over looking at Matthew Golden, I think is a very bad prospect specifically for fantasy purposes. Given his athleticism, I think he can be great for the Packers. I think he can stretch NFL defenses and I think that's exciting and exactly what the Packers need. But we didn't see him command targets at Houston. We didn't see him command targets at Texas. I know a lot of people watched the film and said, "Well, he was open." But I've heard that a ton. I've heard I heard that about Adai Mitchell. Same offense two years ago. Um, again, nine times out of 10 when you're looking at these receivers that don't command target at the collegiate level, they're not going to command targets at the NFL level. The only exceptions being those guys that had to go up against elite level wide receivers in college for their targets such as say Brian Thomas last year having to go up against Malite neighbors which it's very easy to say when that's the case when we look at both of them going round one of the NFL draft where Matthew Golden his target competition was Isaiah Bond where did he go so I think Golden I bua Ibuka great prospect lands as the wide receiver three in an offense Golden I don't like the prospect profile but could reasonably be the wide receiver one for Jordan Love. Um Loveland wasn't super productive at Michigan, but you have to contextualize it, of course. 58 receiving yards per game where the next best receiving option was at 22. Tyler Warren, I know most people viewed him as the tight end one coming in. Maybe a little bit of a concern that I have is just the situation with the passing volume that you may have in Indianapolis, but it's not like Lovelin has a great situation either. And then looking at Jackson Dart, um NFL draft capital indicates that if like he gets in as a rookie and doesn't look great and the New York Giants have a top three pick in next year's draft, they'll be quick to move on from Jackson Dart, just take a new quarterback in round one, very similar to what we see with like Will Levis, right? But also given the fact that he is a round one pick, unless he's Pax Paxton Lynch, most likely he is going to at least get a chance to start. I'm going down to our next tier. love RJ Harvey the prospects but at the same time you find pretty much the best landing spot you can possibly get going to the Denver Broncos looking at Caleb Johnson great prospect and I know a lot of people are super excited about the Pittsburgh landing spot my hesitation is I just don't exactly know what to expect with the receiving involvement since Jaylen Warren is in the offense and if Rogers doesn't sign with Pittsburgh it can be a horrendous offense going over with Jameson Williams. I know there was some smoke that the Lions don't like him. The Lions want to get out of him. I don't know. I mean, I didn't really like Jameson coming into the NFL for a multitude of reasons. Wasn't a high target earner in college to be honest. Thought he was going to be a better NFL player than a fantasy option. I still stand by that sentiment, but I do have to be honest, he had a really good year three, much better than the first two seasons. He was up at 2.17 yards per route run. target share jumped up to 19%, played 80% of the snaps. So, Jameson definitely trending in the right direction. Um, Jaden Higgins could be the wide receiver, too. Four seed to Shroud, which you can tell by these rankings. I think that Straoud could get that bounce back in year three. Looking at George Pickkins, I think we're too high on Pickkins. Unless Pickins gets dealt or Rogers goes over to Pittsburgh. George Piggin is in a situation where he's the wide receiver, too, and one of the worst passing offenses in the league. Um, a Luther Burden, good prospect, but he's possibly the fourth option in his offense. And I know everybody hates Ricky Pier, but what's hilarious is if you actually look at underdog drafts, which I think he's being overdrafted there, don't get me wrong. Ricky Ball is going higher than like Brandon Aayuk like it in insane in my opinion, but expectations are that he's going to be much better this season. And I don't think you can look at what he was as a rookie and completely dismiss him. the dude got shot and he only played half the year. Y'all know I drafted a ridiculous amount of him last season in underdog draft. So, I want to root for the guy for sure. But I think that's all I got for y'all for this video. Again, you can go to the comment section. I know y'all are going to scream at me about the Travis Hunter and T-Mac rankings. Completely fine. Let me hear it. But really appreciate you. And again, if you think these rankings are clownish, go look at the rankings on the site, the expert average. Um, they're going to give you a great sense pretty much what everybody watch on YouTube thinks about these players.
