Title: Trade Your Rookie Picks for These WRs

We're going to talk about what rookie picks are actually worth in terms of wide receivers. That way if you're looking to buy rookie picks or sell the ones you currently have, you should know what to expect. Now, of course, it's going to be very important to know, are you a rebuilder? Are you a contender? Do you have a balanced roster that you just want to have a shot once you get to week one? And all that can easily be seen if you just link your team with flockfantasy.com. You can link your entire portfolio, see where you stack up against everybody else on the site, completely free, link in the description. But, let's dive into the guys that you can't even get with the 1.01. There's no touching Ja'Marr Chase. There's no touching JSN. There's no touching Puka Nacua. If you wanted to get one of these wide receivers and you had the 1.01, you're going to have to add something to it. Maybe you're going to have to go as far as adding a 2027 first. And if it was me and I was a rebuilding team and I'm sitting with Puka Nacua, yeah, I'd probably sell Puka for the 1.01 and a 2027 first if I think it has a shot to be an early to mid pick. But, again, you're really going to have to add to that first overall pick to get to the true elite stud wide receivers. Now, the next tier of guys, maybe they are a little more touchable. We are just using the expert average ranks on flockfantasy.com, which, again, these are free for you. If you wanted to see my exact rankings, that's going to be behind a paywall, but you can pull these up anytime you want. And you'll see that the 1.01 is inside the same tier with Amon-Ra St. Brown, Malik Nabers, CeeDee Lamb, Justin Jefferson. Now, how I would view this is if I was a contending I would probably be willing to trade this pick to go get a player like Amon-Ra St. Brown, where you can pull it up with every one of these receivers. They're still young enough where we're not worried about the production going down in '27. We're not worried about the production going down in '28. And you know exactly what you were buying. With Amon-Ra St. Brown, he's been a top five wide receiver in points per game for three straight seasons. He's played at least 16 games every single year through his five-year NFL career. Going over and looking at Malik Nabers, while of course he's coming off a devastating injury, we can still go back to his rookie season and see he averaged 18 and a half fantasy points per game in a garbage offense and he's still only 22 years old. Um, CeeDee Lamb is 27 and again, this goes back to if I'm a rebuilding team, maybe I prefer the rookie pick just knowing what value is going to look like 12 months from now. But, with Lamb, you can go back and see that he has averaged at least 14 points per game for four years straight. And if you remove this past season where he was injured, he was a top 10 wide receiver for the three years prior. And then Justin Jefferson, obviously looking at the numbers this past season, it's um, very sad to see just the exact falloff that you had. But, realistically, I'm not too, too concerned. I think that the quarterback upgrade from Jayden McCarthy to Kyler Murray is going to be massive. So, I'd still view Justin Jefferson as equivalent to that 1.01 pick. Now, moving down to our next tier, this is where things get very interesting cuz you already know who you are taking at the 1.01. You already know that pick is going to be Jeremiah Love. Now, at the 1.02, we can project it out. We can say it may be Carnell Tate, it may be Makai Lemon. Maybe if the wide receivers get horrendous landing spots, you see Fernando Mendoza go at pick two or hell, maybe if Jordan Addison's injury stuff ends up not mattering and he goes to the Kansas City Chiefs at pick nine, there's a world in which even Jordan Addison is pick two. But, nonetheless, you see a wide range of outcomes there. Now, again, we are using the expert average wide receiver rankings on flockfantasy.com. And in those, you do see Drake London directly ahead of the 1.02, indicating that you probably couldn't trade your 1.02 for London. I personally have them in a completely different tier. It wouldn't matter if I was a rebuilder, it wouldn't matter if I was a contender. For Drake London to only be 24 years old, I would very clearly prefer him over any of the rookies in this class not named Jeremiah Love. Again, only 24 in this past season, he was the wide receiver eight in points per game in a horrendous offense. Now, beyond that is where we can have some interesting conversations because Terrace Marshall Jr. is ranked directly after the 1.02 on the site. And here, you can look at Terrace and say, he was a very comparable prospect to what we have with some of these guys coming in in this year's class. Whether you're using the bakery, whether you're using the fantasy stock exchange prospect model, whether you're using the sloppy model, there are a bunch of prospect models on flockfantasy.com where you can look at these guys historically. And Terrace Marshall for a lot of them does slide into a similar range to what we had with those other guys. But, we know the situation already for Terrace, where he's the unquestioned alpha wide receiver one in his own offense. His rookie season was fine. Was it amazing? Eh, probably not. You can look at the historical range of outcomes that we had for 22-year-old wide receivers that put up a similar season to Terrace. And that was Keenan Allen, DK Metcalf, Drake London, Percy Harvin, Stefon Diggs, Jeremy Maclin, Michael Crabtree, Jordan Addison, and Kenny Stills. So, this is very much up to you. You do what you want if you were looking at Terrace versus the 1.02. It doesn't really matter if you're a rebuilder or a contender because obviously he's so young. Now, going over to George Pickens, I would very clearly look at buying George Pickens for any rookie pick in this draft class that is not the 1.01 if you were a contender. If I was a rebuilder, I would very clearly rather have the 1.02 and hope that we actually see a significant rise in value with whoever rookie I were to take there from this offseason to next. But, obviously, Pickens is absolutely incredible. You can go through and see that he's still only 25 years old despite already playing four years in the NFL. Top 10 wide receiver in points per game this past season, which again, is why I would prefer him on a contending build. But, I would still rather have the 1.02 in a rebuilder. And then we have the 1.03 followed with Garrett Wilson. For me, I think I could pretty safely say that Garrett Wilson is a better wide receiver than whoever you're going to take at pick two, pick three, whether it's Carnell Tate or Makai Lemon. But, the bet you would be making with that rookie is they would hopefully find themselves in a better situation where they're not attached to the New York Jets, which obviously, at best, is looking at one of the top rookie quarterbacks coming in in 2027 after they have horrendous quarterback play again this season. So, I mean, what? We're hoping Garrett Wilson finally has good quarterback play in like 2028. So, if I was a rebuilder, I would trade Garrett Wilson for the 1.03. I would trade Garrett Wilson for the 1.02. But, if I was a contender, I'd be a lot more confident with Wilson and knowing that he does still have a decent runway for his value, where I'd rather have him over those picks if I was looking to win this year. Now, moving down to our next tier, this is going to be a little bit controversial because I obviously watch a lot of dynasty content on YouTube and I see a lot of real dynasty startup drafts that the guys on flockfantasy.com are hosting with their communities and they are I'm seeing these rookie picks go later than this. Like, the 1.04 is ranked in a similar range to Chris Olave, Nico Collins, Emeka Egbuka, Rashee Rice, and Ladd McConkey. And the 1.05, obviously, is at the very end of this. The 1.05, you're going to get whichever one of those rookies inside the top five picks, maybe finds themselves a horrible landing spot, maybe finds themselves in a situation in which you really can't project any type of production in their rookie seasons. And if we're looking at these veterans, clearly, we know that Chris Olave is probably a better player than what you're going to be getting with the 1.04, which is why for me, I would prefer Chris Olave, especially on a contending build. If I was a rebuilder, I would try to get a little more value than the 1.04 or the 1.05 for Olave just knowing that whatever rookie you're taking there inside that tier is going to be the one that had the bad landing spot or the bad draft capital. We can kind of say the same thing with Nico Collins. 27-year-old wide receiver, so you'd understand why a rebuilding team is looking to hit the reset button. But, I would really prefer pick two or pick three if I was selling Collins. Then going over to Emeka Egbuka, Egbuka, strong prospect in last year's class, comes through and through the first five weeks of the year looks absolutely incredible, then is horrendous through the rest of it. I would actually be A-OK if you wanted to hit that reset button and sell Egbuka for the 1.04 cuz you know you're going to get a wide receiver with round one NFL draft capital that has a compelling prospect profile very similar to Egbuka. But, I'd be fine if you went in his direction as well knowing that he was a good prospect himself and he flashed some in his rookie season. Rashee Rice, very clearly the wide receiver you'd prefer in this range if you were a contender knowing that he already has been deemed that he's not a suspension risk this next season. And Ladd McConkey is where I think that this is maybe going to end up being a little surprising for a lot of people because I see Ladd McConkey in startup drafts going very highly. And I know a lot of people are saying, "Okay, changing offensive coordinator, better offensive line, no Keenan Allen. All of a sudden, you're going to see Ladd skyrocket." But, I do would just want to have a little baseline for Ladd. I think it's funny if you throw Ladd McConkey and Quentin Johnston into the player comparison tool on flockfantasy.com, you will see that Quentin Johnston averaged more points per game, he finished higher than Ladd McConkey in fantasy. I mean, he went out there and had more yards per route run, he had more yards per target, he had more receiving yards per game, he had more receiving touchdowns per game, he's more efficient across the board, and as that deep threat outside wide receiver, I would assume that he would get the bigger jump with improved offensive line play. Not making an argument that Quentin Johnston should be ranked ahead of Ladd McConkey, but I do think it's funny that we give Ladd such a premium after finishing as wide I would probably look to do that, of course, in a Superflex league. Then, after the first five picks is when you're going to be looking at a massive tier drop in your rookie drafts. Obviously, at that point, you're going to be in play for Kendre Miller, maybe Casey Conception finds himself a great landing spot, or maybe do you get the beautiful spot of Jahmyr Gibbs going to the Seattle Seahawks at pick 32. But, there's going to be a really big tier of rookies outside of the first five picks. It's going to really come down to draft capital and landing spot, and you're going to get your fair choice of any of those players at pick six. Now, for me, I do think from a prospect value perspective, those are just going to be worse players. So, if I could go and trade the 106 for Rome Odunze, I'm going to do that. If I could trade the 106 for Luther Burden, I'm going to do that. And that's honestly doesn't matter if you're a contender, if you're a rebuilder. Both of those wide receivers are young enough where I think I would rather trust them for the long run than whichever rookie you're going to take at pick six. If you're a contender, you can be looking at Tee Higgins. I would also throw Brian Thomas Jr. in the same bucket as Rome or Luther Burden. I would trade the 106 for him. I would trade the 106 for Zay Flowers if I was a contender. And then with Marvin Harrison Jr., obviously face-plants in both of his first two NFL seasons, but he was such a strong prospect that if you still believe in the profile, you could trade the 106 for him. Now, one thing that I do want to mention is thinking about dynasty value insulation. And let's use Marvin Harrison Jr. as the perfect example. What would happen if Harrison comes through and repeats what he did over the past two years this next year? Cuz I want to remind you, in his rookie season, he was the wide receiver of 42 in points per game. In his second year, he was the wide receiver of 45. What happens if yet again he only averages 10 fantasy points per game, he's just a complete non-factor in fantasy. You will see his value crater. You will see Marvin Harrison worth about a second-round pick next year. Whereas, whoever you take at the 106, they're going to have a little more leeway where if you were to take Kendre Miller and he starts off very slow, he's going to have more value than if Harrison were to face-plant yet again. So, I do think you get some more value insulation with the pick. But, at the same time, you probably have a higher ceiling with one of those names like Harrison that has the name-brand appeal where if he were to go out there and be a top-15 wide receiver in fantasy this next season, you could easily see him being a top-three round startup pick. Now, moving down to our next tier, again, the 106, the 107. For me, I view very similar. You're going to get one of those players that's in that next tier of guys in rookie drafts that finds himself in a good landing spot. So, if you were looking to trade the 107, if I was a contender, I think you could make an argument go get Jaylen Waddle, go get one of the Philly receivers with DeVonta Smith or A.J. Brown, especially knowing that Diana Russini is doing everything she can to get A.J. Brown to the New England Patriots for Mike Vrabel. And then also, Jameson Williams going to be in play cuz with Jamo, you should expect better production than whatever you're going to be getting at pick seven. And at the same time, you're only 25 years old, so you shouldn't see that big of a value drop. Now, the tier down is where things get very interesting because once we get to the 108, 109, 110, you're going to be looking at that tier three of rookies, the guys that don't get a super compelling landing spot, right? If Jahmyr Gibbs goes to the Seahawks at 32, he's no longer going to be in play for you. So, I would group picks eight, nine, and 10 very close together value-wise. If you were looking at the expert average rankings on the site, the players that are directly after this are guys like Travis Hunter and Jordan Addison. Now, for me, I have Travis Hunter ranked lower than this. If I could trade Travis Hunter for the 108, 109, 110, I would 100% do so. I would say the same thing with Addison. Now, the tier below is when we start to get to D.J. Moore, Michael Wilson, Alec Pierce, Davante Adams, Terry McLaurin. I would say if I could trade D.J. Moore, Michael Wilson, Alec Pierce for the 111 or higher, that'd be a very compelling move. These are the wide receivers that clearly you would want on a contending build. If you are a contender, there's a good shot that you have the 112. And funny enough, you see the 112 in the expert average ranks right alongside D.J. Moore. So, if you needed another wide receiver, maybe you play in a start-10 dynasty league where you actually needed the depth, I'd be completely okay with you going through and selling pick 12 to get D.J. Moore in projectable top-24 wide receiver production this next year with that good of a situation. But again, whoever you're taking here between D.J. Moore, Michael Wilson, Alec Pierce, um Davante Adams, Terry McLaurin, Wan'Dale Robinson, their room to increase in dynasty value over the next 12 months is very marginal. It really doesn't matter what D.J. Moore does. It really doesn't matter what Davante Adams does. It doesn't matter what Terry McLaurin does. These wide receivers, once they hit 30, we know that their value at best is really going to stay flat over the next 12 months. Whereas, whoever you take at the 112, you could see him exponentially increase in value going into the next offseason. So, if I was a rebuilder, I would be quick to sell D.J. Moore for the 12th pick, to sell Alec Pierce for the 12th pick. But, if you were a contender, I think you could see the opposite. Now, as we get down to the lower tier, the wide receivers that you're not exactly sure if they're going to be able to help you this year, but they have a good shot to, I would say those are going to be the guys worth mid-second rounders. This is DK Metcalf, Christian Watson, Michael Pittman. Obviously, a Mike Evans thrown in here just cuz he is so old that you really know he's only a one-year rental. For me, if I had one of these mid-seconds, I would be very quick to sell them for Ricky Pearsall, Quentin Johnston, Xavier Worthy, Mike Evans, Michael Pittman. I would love sending the 205, the 206 for one of those guys. I think you can throw in Matthew Golden, especially post-Donte Jackson trade, especially knowing the departure of Romeo Doubs. But, that's really down to my own personal values. I'm just going to be completely honest with y'all. Obviously, I've spent a ton of time researching this rookie class. But, I personally don't feel good enough about my ability to identify what gym rookie is going to be there in the second round this season. So, for me, with a lot of my teams, if I had that 205, if I had that 206, instead of just kind of throwing darts at the dartboard and hoping all of a sudden we were able to hit on a player like Zach Charbonnet, Branch, I think I would rather just take somebody I'm more comfortable with like Quentin Johnston where we know he's still young and we've seen the production, or like Xavier Worthy where we know he's still young and attached to a good offense. And as we progress to the mid to late seconds, like the 206, 207, 208, there you're going to be looking at the wide receivers like Parker Washington, Brandon Aiyuk, Juwan Johnson, Josh Downs where you could potentially see wide receiver three production from them this next year. We know the ceiling is going to be capped. And at the same time, we know that their value could be nothing 12 months from now. But, for me personally, again, as somebody that's not super confident with their own ability to identify whichever rookie is going to pop in the second round this year in a weak class, I would also be quick to trade my 210 for Parker Washington, to trade my 207 for Romeo Doubs. But, I think that's all I got for you. I really appreciate you and really hope that I was able to help you out. Now, of course, if you want a little more personalized advice, if you use code flock and sign up to the annual Mother Flocker package on flockfantasy.com, not only you're going to get all the rookie databases, all the rookie draft guides, trade calculator, player comparison, range of outcomes tool, the whole nine yards, but I will also be giving you a dynasty team review, answering your trade question, answering your start/sit question. Links in the description, links in the comment section. Really hope that I can help you win your dynasty league this year, and really hope I get to see out in the live stream later today.
