Title: Trade Your Rookie Picks for These Running Backs

The beautiful part of this time of the year is your leaguemates are actually checking their dynasty leagues. They're actually opening them up, making trades, responding to offers. So, I wanted to go through and let you know if you're looking to trade a running back for a rookie pick or a rookie pick for a running back, what those picks are actually worth. Now, something that I know a lot of people don't realize is on the rankings page on flockfantasy.com, we have a little button that says add picks. And here, if you select that, you'll actually see rookie picks ranked inside of the actual player rankings. So, you can get a sense of what people are thinking that picks are actually worth. Now, of course, these people are creators on the site, all experts in Dynasty, all guys that make Dynasty videos that you could find like myself. And let's start it off with the 101. And the only acceptable running backs that are in the range of the 101 will be Bjon Robinson, Jamir Gibbs, and Ashton Genty. At least in my opinion, we have Bejon and Gibbs with an average ranking of six and seven for Dynasty Startups. We have the 101 at 11 and then Ashton Genty at 17. If I was an owner of this pick, it's very clear if you get the opportunity to trade Jeremiah Love for Bejon for Gibbs, you do it in a heartbeat. If it only cost you a second round pick to add to get to Bejian Robinson, you do it. Especially if you're a contender, given the fact that Bejan and Gibbs were honestly better prospects. At least Bejian Robinson for sure was. And we've actually seen them at the NFL level come out and produce to great extents. Bejian Robinson 21.8 points per game this past season. And Jir Gibbs sitting at a total of 21.5 points per game this past year. Behon's played all 17 games three seasons straight. Jir Gibbs has played at least 15 games every year. Both are young enough where you're not worried about them falling off in dynasty value anytime soon at only 24 years old. Genty is where it gets a little bit interesting. Like if you were looking at Jeremiah Love verse Ash and Genty. I prefer Genty as a prospect, but Genty obviously faceplanted this past season, finishing as the RB16 with only 14 and a half points per game, which I do want to point out. Bejon his rookie season finished the RB 17 with 14 and a half points per game. And with Genty, he was in the worst offensive situation you could have asked for. The team that got the number one overall pick in the NFL draft, you're going to assume that it's a much better team with an improved offensive line with Fernando Mendoza coming in. So, if you were to trade the 101 for Ash and Genty, it just comes down to your personal bet on if you're going to prefer the love situation on if you were to land with maybe the Titans or with the Commanders or Ashen Genty's current upgraded situation with Fernando Mendoza and improved offensive line. Um, for me, I prefer the 101 and just that additional year of flexibility because we do know you have so much insulated value with one of those top running backs that even if you were to see Jeremiah face plant the way that Ashen Genty did last season, he's still going to be viewed in the range of 101, 102 in next year's rookie draft. So, that value insulation means I would trade Ginty for the 101 if I could. Now, moving over to what the 102 and 103 are worth. this range of rookie drafts, it's very cut and dry what you're going to be picking. You're going to be picking your favorite wide receiver between Tate Lemon and possibly Tyson if the injury stuff ends up not mattering. Um, your favorite receiver there or Fernando Mendoza. A lot of it's going to come down to the draft capital those wide receivers get as well as the landing spots that they receive. As of now, you can see with the expert average rankings that you have Amarian Hampton at 22, you have Devon Ain at 23, and then you have James Cook at 38 in the overall rankings. And the 102 and the 103 are sandwiched right in between here. Now, for me personally, looking at these rookie wide receiver prospects, I think it would be very easy for me to sell one of these picks if I were to get over to Amari Hampton. Because with Amari and Hampton, I could safely say that he would be the 102 in this class with the profile that he has where he got the round one NFL draft capital. He's in a good offense that's going to have a significantly better offensive line this season with good quarterback play. He was a pass catcher in college. And if you go through and look at what he did before his injury, you will actually see that he was dominant. I mean, he played 89% of the snaps the game before he went down and scored 27 and a half points. The game before that he scored 25 points playing 80% of the snaps. So I absolutely love Amarian Hampton. I have him as a top five dynasty running back. I would trade the 102 or the 103 for him. No problem. Um Devon Achan being here obviously it's a much worse situation this next year with the Miami Dolphins team that presumably is going to be tanking Achan's finish as a top six running back in points per game for three straight seasons. However, you actually are seeing him go a little bit later in underdog drafts at the moment where he's being drafted as the RB8 off the board for drafts this season. Mainly because that situation is very poor. I'm going to keep it simple with Devonte Chant running back going into year four. If I needed an RB and I knew I wasn't going to get one at picks two and three and I was a contending team, by all means, I'm trading pick two, I'm trading pick three, I'm going to go ahead and get avon. Um, if I can't get Achan and I'm a contending team, I would explore the possibility of trading for James Cook. The difference is James Cook's going to turn 27 years old this next season where Devon Achan's only going to turn 25. So, I think you should expect that James Cook's going to be on the downward side of his dynasty value over the next few years. Um, but again, if you can't get a champ, if you can't get Hampton with these picks, I'd be fine trading them for Cook. Obviously, while the 102 and the 103 look to be in the same tier at the moment, I don't want to oversimplify this and say that the picks are equivalent in value because obviously you could have a scenario in which Cardell Tate goes to the Cleveland Browns at six, Mai Lemon goes to the Kansas City Chiefs at nine, and then all of a sudden there's a massive difference between the two players with one having a phenomenal landing spot and one playing in the worst offense in the league. Now, let's move over to the 104. and the 104 is very similar to the 102 and the 103. What's going to end up happening is you're either going to end up taking Fernando Mendoza in a superflex league or you're going to end up getting whichever one of these wide receivers finds themselves in a bad landing spot or getting poor draft capital. Um, and with that 104, obviously if you can trade it for Hampton, Achan, James Cook on a contending team, you do it in a heartbeat. I would sell it on a rebuilding team even for Amari and Hampton. The other running backs that are ranked around this range on flockfantasy.com are going to be Jonathan Taylor and Kenneth Walker. Now, if you are looking at Jonathan Taylor specifically, um this is a running back that the expectations this next year as he gets back to what he was at the beginning of last season. He is currently going off the board as the running back for in underdog basketball drafts. Going to be 27 years old through this entire next year. And similar to James Cook, we can say that we know that he is going to be on the decline in dynasty value going into the future. So again, if you are a rebuilding team, I would prefer having the 104 and honestly shipping off Jonathan Taylor for that if I was just thinking 2027 value and beyond. Obviously, if I was sitting with Jonathan Taylor, though, I try to trade it for the 102 or the 103 first, just that way I can get my preferred wide receiver that I like with the decent landing spot. And then going over to the other range of running backs, um Kenneth Walker is also viable. Kenneth Walker only 25 years old. You could see him maintain value over the next few years. Um people super excited about him in terms of 2026 projections going as a top 10 running back in basketball drafts at the moment. And again, you have that brand new contract with the Kansas City Chiefs, so should be valuable for years to come. And then once we get past the 105, in my mind, there's a pretty big tier drop. So 104, 105, very similar. You're probably looking at like um Jordan Tyson or Fernando Mendoza, depending on your exact league with these picks. But if you needed a running back, you're obviously not going to be able to take them in this range of the draft. So you could also look at trading one of these for Bree Hall, look at trading it for Bucky Irving. I would say though, if you were to get Bree Hall or Bucky Irving to fall flat this next season, you could see their dynasty value crater where the rookies are going to be a little bit more insulated. So, if I had to bet on who's going to be more valuable in dynasty startups next year between like Fernando Mendoza that you take at the 104 or Kenneth Walker, Brie Hall, Bucky Irving, I'm definitely going to be going with the rookie there. But again, if you need that running back production, you need it. Now, I I don't love the idea of trading the 105 for a Bucky Irving or for a Bree Hall because again, I think you're getting a very strong prospect. The next tier drop, you're looking at guys like Kenyan Sadi. You're hoping Jadarian Price finds himself in a phenomenal landing spot. You're hoping Omar Cooper finds himself in a great spot like Casey Conception. There are a lot of whatever players that could find themselves at the 106 or the 111 depending on what happens in the NFL draft. Which is why once we get past the first five picks in superflex rookie drafts, the first four picks and one quarterback leagues, I'm a lot more open to aggressively shopping these four veteran running backs. And you will see that on flockfantasy.com with these expert average ranks. So, first thing that I want to look at is going to be the possibility of trading that 106 and getting back a running back such as Chase Brown, Trevian Henderson, Quinn Sean Judkins. If we are looking at the Quinn Sean Judkins, Trevian Henderson profiles, I believe that both of these running backs honestly probably would have been the 102 or 103 in last year's class. Obviously, Quinn Sean Judkins um getting the horrible landing spot. Maybe that impacted him negatively and maybe he would have been the 104, the 105. Regardless, I think you're getting a discount on these guys if you were looking at trading the 106 for them. Um, Chase Brown's going to be the much more compelling contending piece where you're much less certain with his long-term viability, just to be completely honest. Obviously, the Cincinnati Bengals don't have a ton invested into him, but I'd be fine trading that 106 for Chase Brown if I was a contender. If I'm a rebuilder, I don't know if that's the direction I would go. If I was a rebuilder, I'd be very interested in trading that 106, that 107 for Trevian Henderson, Quinn Sean Judkins. You can also look at Christian McCaffrey, Kairen Williams in this range if you are very confident about your ability to win this year. Now, moving over to our next tier, I think the 108 and the 109 are very similar, obviously, just because they're a little bit later in the class. You're not going to get your favorite guy in that tier if they get the dream landing spot right. Like if Jadarian Price somehow went to the Seattle Seahawks at pick 32, he's not going to last to the 108. All of a sudden, he cements himself probably as the 106 in rookie drafts. So, you're going to get whatever player there found um okay landing spot, okay draft capital, but not the dream situation. But again, if we're looking at guys like Omar Cooper and you were a contender and you needed running back, um you could be looking at Saquon Barkley, Javvante Williams, Travis ETN with the brand new contract alongside of Javvante if you were willing to maybe take a little bit more risk. You could look at Cam Scaboo where obviously Scataboo flashed I mean incredibly strong production numbers before going down with the devastating ankle injury last year. The note that I would have with trading for these running backs though is before the NFL draft, you're completely safe to trade for Javvante. You're completely safe to trade for Travis CTN. These guys just got contracts. We know their teams are most likely not taking an RB. The Cam Scataboo example is maybe going to be a little bit tougher because obviously you have the New York Giants rumored to go ahead and take Jeremiah Love at the very top of the NFL draft. And even if they were to pass on Jeremiah Love or even if the Tennessee Titans were to take Love and the Giants weren't to get that option, I think based off the limited investment that you have into Cam Scataboo, him being a fourth round pick last year, based off him dealing with a devastating season ending ankle injury, it wouldn't be the most surprising thing in the world for this team to go ahead and take a running back in the second round or maybe pull the trigger on like Jonah Coleman in the third round and then all of a sudden This backfield looks a little bit more like a running back by committee and you were to see the Cam Scataboo value go down. So if I had the 108, I would feel very comfortable trading that for Travis ETN. If I had the 108 109, I would more likely hold off on sending that for Cam Scataboo until at least after the NFL draft so we can get confirmation that we know what that depth chart looks like when we make that deal. Now moving over to the late first, the 110, the 111, the 112. This is all of a sudden the range where that massive tier of guys that we talked about after the first five. You're going to be getting the scraps. You're going to be getting like hypothetically Omar Cooper falls to the top of the second round and goes to the Cleveland Browns. He may be falling to the 110 and your rookie draft, right? I mean, it's a prospect that a lot of people like that got a bad landing spot and got worse draft capital than he was expecting. That's going to be the rookie you're looking at in this instance. Do we know exactly which player is going to get a bad landing spot? Which player is going to find themselves with less draft capital than we thought at this point of the process? Not exactly, but because we know you're kind of going to be looking at a gross range here. I actually would aggressively shop these picks for the running backs in this range. Um, right now the site has like the 110 through the 204 all in a similar tier. and Josh Jacobs, Bishelle Toutton, RJ Harvey, Dererick Henry, DeAndre Swift are all in this range. Like, if I could draft RJ Harvey at the 110 with the situation he's currently in in Denver with a second round NFL draft capital, I would do that in a heartbeat. If I could draft Belle Tutin at the 111, I would do that in a heartbeat in this draft class. So, this range of running backs, I I would be quick to make a play with. And even if you were a rebuilder, I wouldn't be opposed to you trying to send like the 111, the 112, which we know you're not going to be able to get a 2027 first round pick for. If you could, you should do that right now. But sending that 111, 112 for Belle Tutin, for RJ Harvey, hoping one of these running backs hit at the beginning of the season, and then flipping them for the 2027 first. So I I think aggressively shopping those picks for the running backs in that range would make a lot of sense. Then once we get to like the midsec rounders, you have guys like David McGomery, Tyler Algier, Jaylen Warren, um equivalent to the range of rookie picks of like the 204, 205, 206. For me personally, as someone who doesn't feel confident enough with their ability to find the guy that's going to pop in the second round this year, um I I would send the 205, the 204 for David McGomery, Tyler Alier in a heartbeat if I was looking for running back production. But again, that's my situation. I don't trust myself to be able to identify that second round gym where we know there's going to be somebody in the second round that hits this year, even if it's a weak class. But I would be completely fine going through and just rolling the dice. And then once we get to the late second rounders there, you're looking at these running backs that you have no idea if they're going to ever get a shot to be a starter like Chuba Hubard, Rico Dowel, JK Dobbins, a Blake Corm level handcuff. But those late second round picks, I wouldn't be opposed to sending him to the Zack Charbanet owner if you can. If you could trade the 209 for Zack Charbanet, even coming off a torn ACL and hope that in the final six games of the year, Zack Charbanet is going to make a difference for you. I would look to do that. If you could trade the 211 for Rashad White and hope that the Commanders don't bring in a running back during the NFL draft, it's probably better hit rate than whoever you're going to take at that 211. So, that's what I'd be looking to do. And then obviously once you get into the thirds, um that's going to be the range of running backs in which all hopes probably lost. like the 2027 third round pick is ranked right next to Isaiah Pacho on the side ranked right next to Aaron Jones. Um I doubt you're going to be able to trade it for guys like Jonathan Brooks. I mean if you could trade your third rounder for Jonathan Brooks I personally would do so. But again that's going to be much much easier said than done. But I really appreciate you. I'm going to make this video for wide receivers as well. I want to remind you that all my dynasty rankings are always on flockfantasy.com. pretty much anybody you watch on YouTube, there's a good shot there. Dynasty rankings are on flockfantasy.com as well. Um, if you're not already a member of the site, 97 bucks gets you access to all the rankings, all the draft guides, all the prospect databases, and you get uh free team review from me if you use code flock. And you're going to get additional stuff for your reddraft leagues. We're working on real time draft assistance as well for Sleeper, ESPN, Yahoo. In my opinion, by far and away the best deal in fantasy, but obviously I'm biased. Link in the description, link in the comment section. Much love, ladies and gentlemen. I'll come out with the wide receiver video before the NFL draft as well. And then if you want to check out quarterback, tight end, probably not going to make a video there, but they're on the site.
