Title: 7 Breakouts That Could Break Fantasy Football

When identifying breakout league winners, it's extremely important to look at what the trend was in their first season and in their second seasons. The example of why we can say that Jaden Daniels is very easily a top three quarterback in fantasy this year is you go ahead and you look at the first nine weeks of his 2024 season. And while yeah, it was incredible. He was at 20.2 fantasy points per game. I mean, he was sitting up there with a 75% completion percentage. It got so much better in the second half of the year. where you go ahead and you look at the second half of the season and Jaden Daniels was actually at 24.3 fantasy points per game. He actually jumped up from 25 to 34 passing attempts per game. He jumped from 18 passing completions per game, 223. He jumps from 216 passing yards per game to 226. He jumps up from one passing touchdown a game up to 2.29. And you see that natural progression. And what's very exciting and what we saw with some of the wide receivers like Xavier Worthy is when these players actually get the opportunity to play in the NFL playoffs and they can carry this over and they can show that the trend isn't stopping when it's the most important. Like we go ahead and we actually see Jaden Daniels in the playoffs. First game against the Bucks, he goes out and he has 268 passing yards, two passing touchdowns, and zero interceptions. The game against the Detroit Lions, the Commanders dropped 45 points. Daniels has over 350 total yards with multiple touchdowns, zero interceptions. And then against the Eagles, yes, he got bounced, but I mean, at the end of the day, you are seeing that trend of him just continuously getting better and better. That's why when we go ahead and we rank him this year, I think it's a very comfortable projection to take as your quarterback three overall in fantasy drafts. I would still rather have Josh Allen and Lamar Jackson given the track record of those players, but Daniels looks like he could very easily be the QB1 overall, especially now that you have the Terry McLaren extension. Now, in terms of where you would draft him in your round or how you would value him next to wide receivers or running backs, it's going to be very dependent on your exact league settings. If you're drafting in a 10 team to wide receiver, one flex format there, getting yourself an elite quarterback or an elite tight end will be a significant advantage, especially if it's not even a full PPR league. and there I'd be willing to move Jaden Daniels up to the early to mid third round. Now, if you're drafting in like a 12 team league with multiple flex spots, full PPR, their quarterback's going to make up a smaller percentage of your starting lineup output weekly. And I'd be looking to get Daniels more so in the fourth round where I actually ended up taking him at the 406 in the Flock League draft. Yes, maybe I traded him in a package for Josh Allen later on. Still love the player. If you need help determining exactly how you should be ranking your players in terms of wide receiver verse running back, quarterback verse running back, I have made 50 custom rankings draft sheets for you to actually be able to take to your draft, use even if you've already done your draft that get updated every Friday on flockfantasy.com. And on top of that on flockfantasy.com, we just had a massive redesign with a brand new my teams page, new rankings page coming soon. You are going to have so many tools to dominate your fantasy football league this year, including the trade calculator, the my teams page, the player comparison, the range of outcomes, and you can get it all for just $34, a onetime payment, not even a subscription, and if you use code flock, you're going to be getting me to answer your start questions and your trade questions in the live streams that we're going to be doing every single night till Christmas. But let's move over to our next quarterback that we need to talk about, and that's going to be Bo Nicks. Very similar to Jaden Daniels, Bo Knicks was able to improve as the year went on. You had Bo Knicks jumping from 16.6 fantasy points per game weeks 1 through 8 up to 18.8 fantasy points per game in weeks 9 through 17. And actually, if you expand this to 9 through 18, Bod Knicks looks even better. I'm just not going to do it because that week 18 game that you add against the Kansas City Chiefs, the Chiefs are playing their backup. So, I think it would be a little bit gimmicky if we were to do so. but he was able to improve his passing attempts a game, completions a game, completion percentage, passing yards, passing touchdowns, total touchdowns, pretty much everything. The only concern from a fantasy football perspective was that Bod Knicks actually ran the ball a little bit less in the second half of the season where he fell from 32 rushing yards per game down to 15. He was actually fifth in the NFL in rushing touchdowns per game in the first half of the season and he scored zero rushing TDs in the second half. So, if you want to see Bo Knicks turn into that top five quarterback in fantasy, what you're going to have to have is you're going to have to have Bo Knicks combine his two halves of his rookie year, you're going to need to see the rushing that we got in the first half combined with the passing that we got in the second half. If we're looking how this team invested in the weapons for Bo Nicks this season, they go out there and completely revamp the running game. And on top of that, they managed to bring in both Pat Bryant in the third round as well as Evan Ingram. And it looks like Marvin Mims, who was a hyperefficient wide receiver with a limited sample last year, will actually be playing more this year, which could be bullish for this offense. Now, going over looking at Caleb Williams, surprise, surprise, Caleb also got better as his rookie season went on, which I mean, it's maybe not that obvious because you actually had some other players in this offense, getting worse or staying the same like Roma throughout the year. But Caleb jumps from 13.9 points per game in the first nine weeks up to 16.1 points per game in the second nine weeks. He improves his attempts per game, completions per game, completion percentage, passing yards, passing touchdowns, total touchdowns. He has fewer interceptions, a higher adjusted yards per pass attempt, and he's about the exact same when it comes to rushing. And what could really elevate Caleb Williams going into year two is not only the situation being 10 times better where they go out there and they draft Lovelin with their first round pick, they draft Luther Burden with their second round pick, they completely revamp the offensive line and at the same time we have a coaching staff that was the most soughta in the entire NFL over the past two years. But what could really unlock Caleb Williams is if all of that leads to him being a much better passer and we begin to see the rushing touchdowns. Because you go back to Caleb Williams in college and Caleb Williams was sitting there with doubledigit rushing TDs. Now, I'm not going to sit here and tell you that like, oh, okay, that's going to happen again. Caleb Williams going to have a quarterback season where he can get up to 10 plus rushing touchdowns. That's probably not happening. But what I do think can happen for Caleb Williams here is I think you could see him get up to five, six rushing touchdowns in a season, averaging about 30 rushing yards a game, that's similar to like early career Dak Prescott. And with the passing volume numbers increasing and the efficiency increasing given the offensive line improvements, the coaching staff improvements, the weapon improvements, and the natural progression for Caleb Williams, um Caleb very easily could be a top five quarterback in fantasy this year. I would say that if you wait to draft Caleb as your first quarterback, you're probably going to take two of them and then you're going to play the matchups with these guys and hope that one of them hits in a big time way. And you could actually pair Caleb Williams with Drake May. Now, with Drake May, if we go ahead and we just look at his regular um say like points per game, it looks like garbage. But the thing you really have to look at is just the games where he was the full-time starter. So going over and looking at the player comparison on flockfantasy.com, I'm going to be selecting weeks 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. Week eight, he really didn't play the entire game. And then obviously in weeks one through five, he didn't either. So this will actually raise his points per game from 13.6 up to 16.4. And Drake May, very similar to Caleb Williams, is sitting in a spot where you have dramatic improvements when it comes to the overall coaching staff. And they go out there, they get Trevon Henderson, who's going to be a phenomenal passing down weapon. They even draft Cal Williams in the third round. They signed Stefon Diggs. Um, I am a little disappointed. I was hoping that they were going to do a little more than this. Maybe they can go out there and get Jacobe Myers with the recent trade rumors. If we were looking at the New England Patriots, I think that this team projects to be maybe the most improved overall team from 2024 to 2025. However, I think that this is going to be a really good football team that may not have a ton of passing volume given the weapons. Even if Drake May displayed that he can go out there and run the ball like crazy. Like in the games where he actually was starting start to finish, he averaged 36 rushing yards per game, which was the sixth highest mark of any quarterback in the NFL during this stretch. He averaged 4.9 rushing attempts per game, which was the seventh highest mark. So maybe the rushing elevates him, but I think Drake May is probably going to fall into the range of quarterbacks that like you're starting if um he has a good matchup and you probably roster two of them. I would say the same thing with C.J. Stout. CJ Shroud's probably worth the roster spot if you wait very late at quarterback. You draft two of them and you play the matchups. Um, obviously he was garbage in 2024 in comparison to 2023. He fell from being fourth in the NFL in adjusted yards per attempt as a rookie down to 25th in the NFL in his second season. Plus, we go ahead and look at how the situation's changed this year while they bring in Christian Kirk to kind of replace Tank Dell, I guess. While they draft Jaden Higgins to kind of replace Stefon Diggs and you have a healthy Nico Collins, they also had the offensive line getting worse. So, I'd be a little bit concerned if you were in a four-point passing touchdown format for the ceiling of CJ Strad just given the fact he won't run the ball. Michael Pennix not really going to run the ball either. With Michael Penn, it's really hard to extrapolate anything from his rookie season where you really just had like three uh weeks at the very end of the year where he was like QB30, QB26, and then QB7. I know like Drake London went nuclear during the stretch, but the reality of the situation is it's very hard to extrapolate off a three-game sample. Right now, Darnell Mooney is banged up. We don't know if Kyle Pittz is anything. So, it looks like everything's just going to be force-fed through Drake London. And I think with Michael Penn, he'd fall into the range where he's a borderline waiverwire option. Um, and maybe you stream him, maybe you rost him as a second quarterback to see if he does hit that ceiling. Now, going over to tight end, we've been adamant that in a lot of your league formats, you need to be taking Brock Bowers in round two. Like, obviously, I review a ridiculous amount of teams from flockfantasy.com every single day on the live stream. And I see a lot of y'all play in those 10 team leagues where you start two wide receivers, one flex. I see people playing in eight team leagues. I see people playing in 12 team leagues with only two wide receivers, one flex. there. The depth at running back and wide receiver is going to be so easy to come by that you absolutely have to slam Brock Bowers in the second round because of the positional advantage that it gives you. If we go ahead and look at the best age 22 tight end seasons that we've had since the year 2008, you've had Rob Gronkowski, you've [clears throat] had Aaron Hernandez, you've had Sam Leaporta, and you've had Brock Bowers. And now that you add on the fact that not only does Bowowers potentially have an upgrade when it comes to his quarterback play, but Jacobe Myers could potentially be dealt as well. I I think Bowowers is a smash pick in round two. I think he's going to outscore a lot of the wide receivers getting drafted alongside. Um I drafted Sam Leaporta in the Flock League last year in round four and I drafted him in a lot of underdog drafts in round four as well. I thought he was a great pick last season. I was 100% wrong. It was a disaster at the beginning of the year. However, the end of the season, he improved greatly. So, you go back to his rookie year as Sam Leapora was averaging 14.1 points per game, and it was a disaster. In the first half of the season, like I mentioned, the first 10 weeks, Sam Leaporta averaged 8.8 fantasy points per game. He was only running 20 routes a game, which was down from 29 routes a game as a rookie. Now, he missed a week due to injury, and once he finally came back healthy, everything changed. He jumped from being 12th in the NFL in his snap rate to second in the NFL in his snap rate. He jumped from 26th in the NFL in his targets per game to seventh in the NFL in his targets per game. He jumped from 20th in the NFL in routes per game up to fourth. So for me, I look at a season like this and I go, it kind of just seems that Sam Leapora was injured to start the year. We know he had an injury at training camp. I should have taken it more serious. That's an absolute L on my part. I mean, I paid the price for it. Um, but overall like Leaporto is still only 23 years old last season and his age 23 year old season kind of comps like TJ Hawinson in 2020, Evan Ingram in 2017, Germaine Gresham in 2011. And I think the range of outcomes should be decent for Leaporta this year. I just wouldn't take him like in the fifth round of your fantasy draft by any means. like in the flock league he went at the 67 turn and I think that's a great price for him. Now Tucker Craft got a lot better from his rookie season to his year two. If y'all don't remember Luke Musgrave was the tight end drafted in the same draft class as Tucker Craft to the same team and it took a little bit of time to Tucker Craft to flip him in the dep chart because Luke Musgrave was actually drafted higher. So of course he's going to get the first crack. But Craft proved that he was the more talented tight end year one. And we see the role expand greatly. Specifically, the efficiency looks phenomenal. He jumped from playing 56% of the snaps as a rookie up to 86% of the snaps as a year 2 player. He jumped from 0.81 yards per route run, which marked 73rd according to flockfantasy.com, up to fourth in the NFL in yards per route run. and we go through and we look at his age 24 season and compare it historically using the range of outcomes tool on the site, you'll see that Jaden Reed had a similar age 24 year and he exploded to 17 and a half points per game the following season. Austin Hooper had a similar age 24 a season and he jumped up to 14 12 15 points per game the following year. Um, if we look at the situation with how it's changed, it really hasn't. There are some reasons to believe that the passing volume goes up if Jordan Love is healthy this season, which I guess you could be excited about. And then the other year 2 tight end that I want to discuss is going to be Dalton Concincaid. If we are looking at Concincaid, um he got worse from 2023 to 2024. Clearly, I mean, pretty much everything declined except the efficiency. His yards per route run actually went up. He fell from running 28 routes per game as a rookie to only 19 routes per game as a secondyear player. Looks like the coaching staff doesn't really want to use them as much as you would hope. But again, right now, the Bills actually project out to be the highest scoring team in the NFL. And one thing I don't think you should be surprised with is if we end up getting the Buffalo Bills with more passing touchdowns this year than rushing touchdowns, which was opposite from a year ago. And I think that could elevate a lot of these passcatching options in Buffalo's offense, especially when there hasn't been much target competition added. You really just have like Joshua Palmer. So, King Kade you can take as like an absolute last round tight end dart throw and maybe apply him if he starts scoring, if he starts getting used a lot because if he can get back to 28 routes per game, 29 routes per game, I think he will be exciting. The issue is he just didn't get enough usage last year. But I think that's all I got for y'all in this video. I really hope I was able to help you out in some way and I really hope I get to see you out on the live stream later tonight. Again, if you want to get your fantasy football questions answered, if you want to have the best tools in the industry at your fingertips, we have the cheapest offer that we've ever done on flockfantasy.com right now. $34 for the season pass gets you access to legitimately everything until January 1st. I'll be updating my rankings every single week, both weekly and rest of season. And on top of that, if you use code flock, I'm going to be getting you some free vouchers to answer start questions and trade questions in the live stream that we are doing every night during the season. But I appreciate you. Really hope I can see you out in the live stream later tonight. And that link to flockfantasy.com is in the description and comment section.
