Title: 7 Buy Low WRs Ready To Explode - Week 2 Fantasy Football

Please don't panic. These guys are going to be all right. If anything, I think some of them are set up to legitimately win leagues this year, even if they had poor week one performances. Now, Drake London didn't have a poor week one performance, right? Like, if we're going to go through, if we're going to look at his total fantasy points, maybe it was a little disappointing, 13 and a half points, but the underlying volume that you had was incredible. You had Drake London coming through with 15 targets. Now, what's insane about the 15 targets from Drake London is this is a receiver that went down at the end of the game. Obviously, if he had the touchdown, it would have been a much bigger performance. Anybody watching this game would have seen that. But if we go through and we actually look at the routes that Drake Linen ran this week, he ran 39 routes and he drew 15 targets. So, for him to have like 40% of his routes turning into a target, this tells me that he is going to be at the very top of the NFL this year when it comes to his overall market share numbers, which is very reminiscent of what we had his final season at USC way back when he was in school. And I want to remind y'all, as I always do, that Drake London is so young that he is younger than some rookies that just got drafted, such as R.J. Harvey and Jaka Krosky Merritt. If I'm going to go through and try to project this out going into the future, it is very important to at least acknowledge that Drake London right now is not 100% healthy. And for that reason, I'm gonna have Drake London down inside the same tier with Jackson Smith and Jigba and Brian Thomas, who we'll talk about later in this video, where he'll be a tier B wide receiver for me, but a very safe top 10 option rest of season in points per game. And right now, if I just go through and do some research from what Twitter doctors are saying, they are telling us that Drake London is more likely than not going to still be playing week two with the shoulder injury and then in the long term should be completely fine. If I'm using flockfantasy.com to actually see some recent trades done with Drake London in fantasy leagues, somebody traded Devonte Smith, Jerry Judy, Javvante Williams for R.J. Harvey and Drake London. I would look at this go like, hell, I'd rather have RJ Harvey over Javvante. I would way rather have Drake London over the combo of Jerry Judy and Devont Smith. We saw somebody trade Chase Brown and Ted McMillan for Drake London and Amari Hampton. I think this trade's definitely a lot closer. I'd view London very comparably to Chase Brown rest of season and T McMillan versus Amarian Hampton. I'd probably rather have Hampton. And then the last deal we are going to pull up will be somebody who was able to trade T McMillan as well as Shaori Kroski Merritt who you know I have in the flock league. I'm really hoping that he crushes rest of season, but to get London, you are up tiering to such an elite player that I think you have to be willing to trade the running back three with upside. Now, moving over to what we have with the next wide receiver that I feel like we really need to talk about. He will be in this same tier and very similar to Drake London week one, Jackson Smith and Jigba showed us that he can be a top five wide receiver in fantasy this season. And very similar to what we added with Drake London, just to a further extent, we had JSN dominating the market share numbers. Sam Darnold had 150 passing yards and 124 of them went to Jackson Smith and Jigba. We go through and we look at the target volume that he had. There were 16 completions in this offense and JSN accounted for nine receptions. JSN had over 50% of the targets in this offense. He had over 90% of the air yardage share. So the only player that was involved as a receiver in terms of throwing the ball down the field in Seattle was Jackson Smith and Jigba. And we go ahead and we try to project this out into the future. And while of course I can look at what sports books are saying this week where they are telling us that the Seattle Seahawks should be one of the worst offenses in the NFL and I think this is going to be a bad team, don't get me wrong. I mean, Sam Darnold was not inspiring whatsoever in week one. I do think that Darnold's going to be better in the future. I think that we are going to have more than 150 passing yards per game from Sam Darnold. I think we're going to have more than 16 completions per game from Darnold. And I think he'll occasionally score a touchdown. And if the market share numbers from a young ascending elite prospect tells us anything, Jackson Smith and Jigba should have a lot of those touchdowns. So again, I'm ranking him as a top 10 wide receiver. If you drafted him in round three of your draft, congrats. This guy maybe should have gone at the very beginning of the second round. And if we go through and look at some recent trades that were completed with the tradefinder on flockfantasy.com, just to give you an idea of maybe what you should go out there and try to offer for JSN, if you can, somebody traded Devonte Adams and Terry McLuren forum, I would absolutely love to get that two for one tier up. Somebody traded Josh Jacobs and Kyle Pittz for Jackson Smith and Jigba and Trevian Henderson. Now I have Josh Jacobs in the Flock League and I would value Josh Jacobs very similarly to what I would with Jackson Smith and Jigba. However, I would way rather have Trevon over Kyle Pittz. So that's a clear win. And then somebody made another two for one deal where they sent Keon Coleman and Calvin Ridley for JSN. Now go pull that in the trade calculator on flockfantasy.com. They'll say you're robbing them. That trade's almost never going to get done. But what could have saved this person is literally just putting it into the trade calculator on the site. I promise you that the trade calculator on flockfantasy.com will save you from making garbage trades. Hopefully, it'll help you rip a league off or two. But realistically, it is the most valuable resource for you to make trades during this season where we have spent so much time and money investing into it. and it is the most accurate trade calculator you're going to be able to find. It can correctly identify the value that you get with the true topend names like Drake London and Jackson Smith and Jigba versus just the wide receivers that are pretty good like DK Mechaf. So, make sure you're using it. Also, you can use the tradefinder to get yourself ideas for fantasy football trades. I'm going to leave the link to flockfantasy.com in the description and the comment section. And both the trade calculator and the tradefinder are completely free. Now, moving over to our next wide receiver, I need to talk about Tigens here just a bit. Opposite end of the spectrum, I know where JSN and London, they dominated week one. And Tiggins, he did not look good. I mean, if we're going to just see the volume for Higgins, he had four targets out of 23 Joe Burrow pass attempts. Joe Burrow only had 14 completions. I know you've already seen the stat of how bad the Cincinnati Bengals offense was in the second half where they had like less than 10 yards gained. It was insane. I've never seen anything like it except with the Cincinnati Bengals last year in week one. Except with the Cincinnati Bengals the year prior. They do this every year in week one. We go back and while yeah they maybe only scored 17 points in week one this season, the year prior they only scored 10. The year before that in 2023, the Cincinnati Bengals scored three points in week one. You go back to 2022 is the last time they scored 20 points in a week one game. And that game had to go to overtime for them to. So across the board here, we've seen the consistent trend of the Cincinnati Bengals being garbage in week one at the beginning of the season and improving as time goes on. Now, I would think that this team could maybe do something about it. Clearly, something's going on in camp. I mean, they went out there and they tried to play their starters a ton in the preseason to see if that was going to fix the problem. And frankly, it didn't. But, if I'm projecting this going forward into the future with Tiggins, nothing has changed in my mind. It's still going to be the Jamar Chase T. Higgins show. Higgins was still a top 12 wide receiver in points per game last year. While yes, they held the Cleveland Browns to less than 20 points scored in week one, do I think that this is a good defense? No. If you look at the projections going into this next week, sports books are putting the overunder for the Cincinnati Bengals Jacksonville Jaguars game as the highest scoring game of the week. What did they do that with last week? What what game did they say was going to be the highest scoring game? Oh, the Buffalo Bills and the Baltimore Ravens. Sports books may or may not know what they are doing with this. So, sports books are telling us, don't you worry. The Bengals defense is still garbage. The Bengals offense is still very good. So, if you got any type of discount with one of these Bengals players, whether that's going to be T. Higgins, whether that's Chase Brown, obviously, I'm assuming you can't get a discount on Jamar Chase, but regardless, I would go for it. Now, I wasn't planning on talking about him until later in the video, but we have the same exact thesis with Jameson Williams. Now, with Jameson Williams, I can show you some of the PFF snap data where we can see that he plays a career-high snap rate effectively in week one. This is the offensive coordinator that's come out and they've told us, "Hell, Jameson Williams, he's our guy. Jameson Williams was the best player at camp, blah, blah, blah." And he ran 43 out of a potential 43 routes in week one. He ran a route on every single Jared Goff dropback. And you could kind of assume that that was gonna happen when they decided to pay him $83 million. Yes. Go look at what Nico Collins is getting paid right now. Jameson Williams is getting paid more than that. And while yeah, the Detroit Lions, they were completely incompetent against the Green Bay Packers week one. And I'm sitting here going, "Oh, okay. I guess that um it's all Ben Johnson, right? Ben Johnson was the Magic. And now that he's gone, this offense is going to be garbage." But if we look forward into the future and we take a look into the crystal ball, which is sports books that have more data, that have more knowledge than all of us, what they are projecting right now will be the Washington Commanders to not put many points up on the board on Thursday. And they are projecting the Detroit Lions to go back to being a top five offense in the NFL this week. So, while the Detroit Lions offense was garbage last week, while Jared Goff had 225 passing yards, and this team had 46 total rushing guards, I think that this was almost more of a factor of the Green Bay Packers look to have the best, and I mean the best defense in the NFL this season. So, really tough matchup. Everybody in their mom is screaming about Ben Johnson being the reason that this team was ever any good. And honestly, I think that this is going to give you the boil low moment that you can get on Jameson. Looking at where I have him in my rankings, I have him wide receiver 30 in the same tier as Rice, Flowers, Devonte Smith, George Piggin, DJ Moore, Jameson, and Calvin Ridley. So, when I look at some of these trades, like, yeah, I would flip Debo Samuel for Jameson Williams. Yeah, I would sell Jakory Crosky Merritt for DeAndre Swift and Jameson. That person should have used the trade calculator so they didn't ruin their team. But more importantly, like a trade that I would love to make is like pivot from somebody that's in the same tier over to Jameson Williams to pick up another piece on top. So somebody traded Zay Flowers for Jameson Williams and Jerry Judy after week one. And I look at that and go, "Yeah, well I think that Flowers, while I'd rather have him over Jameson rest of season, they're not that far off. So if you can get another piece, I'm going to go for it." Now the next receiver that I want to talk about is going to be Rasheed Rice. Now, I know we never talk about the suspended guys, never talk about the injured guys in these videos because when we're making weekly projections, they're just simply not playing. But that typically opens up a buy window moment on them because you're looking at their owner having to submit their week 2 starting lineup, seeing Rasheed Rice down there on their bench and not necessarily giving him the credit that he deserves. And Rasheed Rice, if he was playing right now after the Xavier Worthy injury, we would all be talking about him as a top five wide receiver in fantasy. If Rice was going to play this week against the Philadelphia Eagles, he would be in my top 10 wide receiver rankings. Now, am I going to rank him there rest of season? No, because I don't know for 100% fact that Wory's out for the rest of the year. And on top of that, you still have to wait another five weeks for Rashi Rice to come back. So, I rice ranked wide receiver 25, but every week that goes by where he's one week closer to returning, his price is going to increase. We go over and we look at what we have with some of the recent trades. Somebody traded George KD, Jaylen Wadd, and Olly Gordon for Rashi Rice. And maybe that seems like a lot, but George KD on the IR is going to be out at least four weeks. Rasheed Rice is only going to be out five more. So, KD Rice, same timeline. Jaylen Wadd doesn't look startable right now. So Rice looks to be in a really good spot. Somebody traded Kenneth Walker Josh DS for She Rice Quinn Sean Judkins. I'd rather have Rice right now over Kenneth Walker in a committee. Somebody traded Jaka Cross Meritt and Mark Andrews for She Rice. Mark Andrews may not be worth the roster spot. And hell, I would trade Jakori Cross Merritt in a heartbeat for She Rice in the Flock League. So, with the worthy injury, um, I think that this may be the time to add Rice to your watch list and maybe send out offers after week two when people are really focusing on, hey, what's my week three lineup looking like? Now, a couple players that I want to hit on quickly. DK Mechaf I started this week and I was extremely frustrated, but if anything, maybe we could be more excited about Medaf going into the future because what was the hesitation on DK Medaf specifically? The main hesitation that people had, and keep in mind I told you not to draft EK Mechaf. I got stuck with him in round five. But the main hesitation people had were, "Oh, this is going to be one of the worst offenses in the league. This going to be one of the worst offenses in the league." Well, Aaron Rogers just had four passing touchdowns. We go ahead and look at the Pittsburgh Steelers this next week. They have an implied team total of 21 points. well ahead of the other garbage offenses such as the Tennessee Titans, the Cleveland Browns, the Seahawks, the Panthers, the Saints. Like, the Steelers don't look to be in that bucket anymore now that Aaron Rogers has been able to breathe some life into this team. And I'm not expecting Calvin Austin to lead the team in fantasy points every week. I don't think the Steelers are paying DK Medav top dollar for that to be the case. I'm not expecting Ben Skironic, his one target, to be the touchdown. I'm not expecting Jaylen Warren to get a receiving touchdown. not expecting Jonnu Smith to get a receiving touchdown every week. Realistically speaking, I'm more excited about the Pittsburgh Steelers offense. I still think that Medaf's gonna have a high target share in this offense. He had seven targets out of a total of 29 Aaron Rodgers pass attempts. So, Medaf, I think that he was questionably a high-end wide receiver three for me before this week, but actually after seeing Rogers perform well, I moved him to wide receiver 24. Now, typically I like to give you some tight end targets as well. And we can of course keep talking about Tyler Warren. I've spent freaking all off season talking about Tyler Warren at this point. Early in the offseason, he was my most drafted player on Underdog, which absolutely loving that. Now, it's Quinton Johnson instead, which loving that as well. But instead, I wanted to mix it up because realistically, when I am looking at my tight end rankings, and I talked about this in the live stream the other night, I rank my top four guys. I'm going to go Bowowers, McBride, then we're going to go with Leaporta, Tyler Warren, and then obviously we have George KD at five on the IR. I can't move KD any lower than that because Titans 6 through 20 are all the same. I think maybe TJ Hawinson is tied in six in my rankings right now. However, if you told me, Mason, you're an idiot. Um, Jawan Johnson needs to be ranked ahead of him. Hunter Henry needs to be ranked ahead of him, I'd go, you know what, that could be true. So, there are so many tight ends that are complete question marks that I have no idea how to project. Whereas, you know who I know how to project? I know how to project Trey McBride. If you are playing in a two wide receiver, one flex league, there is nothing better that you could do right now than sell wide receiver depth for that elite tight end that we know we can rely upon every single week. Y'all know I'm reviewing fantasy football teams every single night in the live stream. I'm answering your questions every single night in the live stream. And so many times I see one of your rosters where I'm like, "Oh crap. Um, yeah. If you're telling me that Devonte Adams is our wide receiver four, can we go through and trade our wide receiver two for Trey McBride? Like, realistically, seeing week one, um, I understand that Marvin Harrison, he has the long play, he has the big touchdown, everybody's all excited. You know who led the team in targets? Trey McBride. Trey McBride had nine targets. It's like clockwork. Exactly what we had last season's happening this year. Trey McBride's going to be up there with the very top wide receivers in the NFL with his total targets. He's going to be one of the very few players that you can rely upon. So for me, whenever I see a league where you insert two receivers in a flex and you're loaded at the wide receiver position with a ton of depth underneath, I would like to take that wide receiver like Lad Mcconkey and do what I can to upgrade our current tight end position and make a trade like Lad Manki and TJ Hawinson to go get Trey McBride like and using the trade finder. Actually, we even saw something like this. Somebody traded Lad Manki and Cal Pitts for McBride. I'm going through and looking at some other deals. Somebody traded Garrett Wilson, Avant Smith, Evan Ingram for McBride. Hell, I know that seems rich, but I'm doing it. Evan Ingram is almost a zero for me. Somebody traded Bowowers and the Chiefs running backs, and I don't know if either Chiefs running back startable at this point for Trey McBride and Rasheed Rice. Give me McBride because I think honestly at this point, McBride and Bowowers are about the same with the Bowowers injury. And I'd way rather have Rice over the Chiefs backs. But I think that's all I got for you. I really hope I was able to help you out. And again, if you have these receivers, just wanted to make sure you know you're going to be good. Hold on to these guys. And honestly, with some of these names, if you don't have them on your team, I wouldn't mind going out there and throwing out some feelers and trying to make a trade for them if it's a reasonable price. Now, of course, if you needed help figuring out what a reasonable price is, you could always use the free resources that we've worked so hard to bring you with the tradefinder and the trade calculator on flockfantasy.com. In my opinion, there is no trade calculator that you could possibly find that's more accurate. We've spent so much time, so much money investing into it for you. It's free. The links in the description, the links in the comment section. And yeah, that's all I got for you. I really appreciate you and really hope I get to see you see you out in the live stream later
