Title: 7 WRs Vegas Secretly Hates for Fantasy

Bad news is your favorite fantasy sleeper is probably a bum. But good news is I'm going to make sure you know so you don't have to draft them. Now what I'm doing is I'm looking at all the major sports books in the US. I'm getting all their seasonlong props and seeing what they are telling us in comparison to the expert rankings on flockfantasy.com and quote unquote where these experts are horribly horribly wrong. Now one thing that you're going to see if you access this sheet on the site is you're going to see that all the rookie wide receivers have super low projections. Ted McMillan is over under 800 receiving yards. Travis Hunter over under 750 receiving yards. Yes, if you're looking at their fantasy points projection, if you're looking at their receiving touchdowns projection, it is way lower than the veterans that they are getting drafted alongside. Does this mean you should not draft the rookie wide receivers? No. No. No. And this is something you really need to understand when we're looking at these sports book projections. These projections are trying to nail the median outcome. They're not taking into account the top 1%. They're not taking into account the bottom 10%. They're not really taking into account the true ceiling of these players and the true floor of these players. So, with the rookies, the projections are always going to be a little bit too low in comparison to where you should draft them in fantasy. Because if I look at T McMillan and see, oh, um, sports books have them projected for 110 fantasy points, not including receptions, and they have Courtland Sutton at 129. Should I just take Courtland Sutton? Maybe not because we know that you can't really ever see Courtland Sutton turn into a top 10 wide receiver in fantasy. He's been in the league since 2018. It's never happened. Why the hell is it all of a sudden going to happen in 2025? But that is in the range of outcomes for T McMillan. Now also um T McMillan could be a total zero. Courtland Sutton based off the large sample that we have is probably going to give you a baseline floor. So the veterans their median projection is going to be a little bit higher just because we have the historical data for them. But we also know with some of these veterans like maybe Mike Evans, Courtland Sutton in comparison to Ted McMillan at this point that their ceilings could be a little bit lower. And the same thing with Travis Hunter in comparison to Devont Smith, George Pickkins, Jameson Williams. Yeah, they all project to be much better options in fantasy this year from a median perspective, but Travis Hunter's top 5% outcome absolutely crushes what Dvontto Smith gives you. It crushes what George Piggin gives you. So, I would completely ignore all the rookies on this list. Like, they're naturally going to be lower, but it makes sense and you should still feel very comfortable drafting them in fantasy. However, the veterans we're about to talk about, that may not be the case. Now, the first wide receiver that sports books absolutely hate, Garrett Wilson. Now, if we dive into the projections you currently have, Garrett Wilson on flogfantasy.com has an average expert ranking of wide receiver 16, right behind JSN, Marvin Harrison, Tyreek Hill, and right ahead of Devonte Adams and Mike Evans. And we actually have Garrett Wilson across all sports books with a touchdown mark at over under five. If you're looking at his receiving yards mark, it's over under 950, which gives him 125 fantasy points for his projection as opposed to Tyreek Hill with 141, not including receptions. Now, you may think, oh, well, this is crazy. How the hell are they going to be this low on Garrett Wilson? Garrett Wilson has been a stud throughout his entire NFL career. And honestly, that may be true because we go over and we look at the range of outcomes tool on flockfantasy.com and you'll see that Garrett Wilson averaged 14.82 fantasy points per game as a 24y old wide receiver when he had to share a field with Devonte Adams. He averaged almost six receptions a game, nine targets a game, 64 receiving yards per game, and almost half a receiving touchdown per game. And if we go through and if we look at all similar age 24 wide receiver seasons since the year 2008, you have Mike Evans 2017. What did he do at 25? He averaged 18 points per game. AJ Brown in 2021, what did he do in 2022? 17 and a half points per game. Ty Hilton jumped to 17 and a half. Deontay Johnson jumped to 17. Really, the only wide receivers that got significantly worse were like Tank Dell, Kendall Wright, and maybe Hollywood Brown. Now, it's not Garrett Wilson's problem and why he's going to suck for fantasy this year and why sports books have his projection so low. It's the passing volume for the Jets offense. I would never sit here and tell you that you can't draft Justin Fields in fantasy because Justin Fields is going to run the hell out of the ball. Justin Fields could potentially have a thousand rushing yards this year, doubledigit rushing touchdowns. That's in his range of outcomes. And Justin Fields could be a top three quarterback in fantasy football. But that doesn't help Garrett Wilson. The only thing that helps Garrett Wilson is the passing volume in New York. And the fact of the matter is Justin Fields may have less passing volume than any quarterback Garrett Wilson's played with, which is crazy to say because Garrett Wilson's played with 40-year-old Aaron Rogers coming off a torn Achilles and Zack Wilson through his entire career. But if we look at the sports book lines that we have for Justin Fields at the moment, Justin Fields is over under 2500 passing yards, over under 14 and a half passing touchdowns. Look at the volume in comparison to all the other quarterbacks that are getting drafted around him in fantasy. Justin Fields just simply is not going to have the consistency that you need as a passer. And you can actually see this as well with the underdog pickum projections. Reason we're throwing underdog pickum projections on here. One, I know y'all are already all drafting on underdog. And two, at the same time, they're available in a lot more states than where just sports books are. And if we look at what they have Garrett Wilson for, they have Garrett Wilson higher lower four and a half receiving touchdowns. And you go over and you look at a wide receiver getting drafted rounds after Garrett Wilson with Xavier Worthy where Worthy's not as talented as Wilson. I'll be the first person to admit that even though I'm drafting a ton of Worthy, they have Xavier Worthy higher lower 6 and a half receiving touchdowns. Higher lower 1.5 rushing TDs. So the expectation with the offensive differences will be if you're in a great Chiefs offense, which the Chiefs offense projects to be solid this year versus a garbage Jets offense, it doesn't matter if you're the better receiver, you're just not going to score fantasy points. And we can actually date this back to data over the past 21 years. I've done the research for y'all. We made an entire video series for this where if we look at wide receivers in bottom five NFL offenses over the past 21 years, you've only seen three wide receiver one finishes. You've only seen 28 top 24 wide receiver finishes. That means you only have a 26% chance. as opposed if we're looking at top five offenses. You've seen 75% of their wide receiver ones giving you a top 24 finish. You've seen 60% of their wide receiver ones giving you a top 12 finish as opposed to a 2.86% in a bottom five offense. I can go over and I can look at that sheet we posted on the site where we have all the offensive projections from Las Vegas sports books where they currently project the Jets to score 336 and a half points this year only ahead of the Giants, the Saints, and the Browns. So, the fact of the matter is there's not going to be passing volume in New York. They're not going to score a lot of points. When they do score points, it's going to be on the ground, which doesn't help Garrett Wilson. And for that reason, I wouldn't draft Garrett Wilson in round three. Now you get him at round four, different story, right? Because maybe Justin Fields does surprise to the upside. And I know everybody in their mom's going to scream at me, "Oh, look what Justin Fields did with DJ Moore that one singular season. Oh, did you know that Justin Fields played college football with Garrett Wilson?" I understand all of that. Now, let's move over and let's look at Chris Ave. Ave falls victim to the same exact thing that's going on with Garrett Wilson with the Jets. Because right now, if we actually look at a lav in comparison to where he's being ranked, according to experts on the site, you'll see that he's going alongside DJ Moore, Jaylen Wadd, uh Z Flowers, Calvin Ridley, and Chris Ave projects to score significantly fewer points than any other wide receiver that he is getting drafted alongside. If we go through and we throw Chris Ave into the range of outcomes tool on the site, it's not going to be that useful because keep in mind Chris Lave got injured. Obviously, we can go back and we can look at his 2023 season, his 2022 season, and I can fully admit Chris Lave phenomenal talent. Three straight years with over two yards per route run as a rookie, secondyear player, and third-year player. So, Chris Ave phenomenal talent. The issue is current sports books have the Saints projected out to be the second lowest scoring offense in the NFL and naturally with that they're also projecting Crystal L for very low volume numbers. We can go over and we can look at underdog fantasy as an example and see that they have Keon Coleman higher lower five and a half receiving touchdowns in comparison to Crystal L at three and a half. So maybe if you're a massive Tyler Shuck believer, maybe if you're a massive Spencer Rattler believer, you can ignore all this data. You can say, "F it, Mason." Um, I understand that wide receivers in bottom five offenses never score fantasy points, but I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to take him anyway because I believe they're talented. And if the offense does surprise to the upside, then obviously maybe Chris Ave crushes. I always love that we get a comment or two going, "Oh, didn't you know that sports books had the Vikings too low last year?" Yeah, sports books aren't correct 100% of the time. Nobody's correct 100% of the time, but we're trying to be as accurate as we possibly can. Now, let's move this over and looking at Josh DS. This is a very funny example because you'll see that if we're using the expert average ranking on the site, Josh DS projects much worse than the other wide receivers he's getting drafted alongside. However, if you look at your ESPN draft, if you're looking at your Yahoo draft, if you're looking at your sleeper draft and where Josh DS goes there, honestly, the projections shouldn't be bad in comparison to those wide receivers. Now, obviously, I wouldn't just draft off the expert rankings on flockfantasy.com. It's not going to take into account your exact league settings. It's not going to take into account the exact platform that you're drafting on, which is why I made those 50 draft sheets to take into account everything for you. And with those draft sheets, I give you my ranking for that player in that format. I take the platform ADP that you're drafting on. We average it out halfway in the middle. We create a big board off of that. That way you're not having to reach on Josh Downs and you can get them at a value. Now, if you don't already have access to flockfantasy.com where we have the trade calculator, tradefinder, my team's page, range of outcomes tool, player comparison tool, um my 50 draft sheets, the four different draft guides, all the other creators posted. You can get access to literally everything until January 1st, including weekly updated rankings and rest of season updated rankings every single week for just 34 bucks. We just dropped a season pass. It's by far and away the cheapest thing we've ever done. And if you use promo code flock, you're going to be getting me to answer your start set questions and your trade questions during the live streams, which we'll be doing every single night during the season. And again, that's $34, just the onetime payment. You're not signing up for a subscription. But with Josh D, this just goes to show me the experts are too high on him on the site. While yes, really solid age 23 season going to 24, you are naturally expecting an uptick in production. That's at least historically what we've seen. like Rasheed Rice jumped up to 16 and a half points per game his age 24 season. Ty Hilton jumped up to almost 14 points per game. I think the reason you're seeing sports books just be so low on Josh DS is again going back to the passing volume. I think that this is the same thing that you're seeing with Garrett Wilson. If Anthony Richardson's a starting quarterback for Indianapolis, naturally, you're not going to have a lot of passing volume. So just the way that the math works out, it doesn't really matter if Josh DS is a phenomenal talent. There's just not enough production to go around. Now, Debo Samuel is an interesting case. Debo Samuel is sitting here over under 700 receiving yards, over under three and a half receiving touchdowns in comparison to Jawan Jennings, who goes right before him at 850 receiving yards and five and a half receiving touchdowns. Now, I think that this projection may be completely off and you may be able to completely ignore it if you think that Debo Samuel is going to get used as a rusher. I have no idea if that's going to be the case though. Obviously, this is a creative coaching staff. Obviously, early in Debo Samuels career, we did get to see him a little bit as a running back sort of player. Um, and if the commanders were smart, if Debo does have any juice, I would probably do the same thing with him this year. You look at the running back situation on this team, it doesn't seem like Austin Eckler has any athleticism left. I mean, it's not like Brian Robinson's a phenomenal receiving back. I know you have some rookie hype, but still if Debo Samuel gets some rushing attempts, maybe you can go ahead and ignore this. If we do look at the range of outcomes tool, it absolutely hates Debo Samuel for this next year. There are only two wide receivers that moved the needle after an age 28 season that had a similar season to Debo Samuel. That was John Brown from 2018 to 2019 and that was Lance Moore from 2011 to 2012. But a lot of it comes down to do you think that it was all just the pneumonia and dbo Samuels fully healthy and he's going to be good to go. Now I wanted to include some tight ends here. I posted all this sportsbook data over there on flockfantasy.com as well. You can see all the quarterback stuff, running back stuff, wide receiver stuff, and tight end stuff. And looking at the tight end page, I was surprised to see what they had with TJ Hawinson because honestly, I was pretty damn excited about T.J. Hawinson at this point because you go ahead and you look and he's two years removed from the torn ACL. You also have the suspension for Jordan Addison at the beginning of the season and on top of that you have Justin Jefferson dealing with the hamstring. We go ahead and we look at TJ Hawinson this past year. He fell from 14.6 points per game where he was the tight end two years ago in 2023 to 8.65 points per game where he was the tight end 17. However, the efficiency didn't fall off at all. He was still incredibly efficient. He actually averaged 2.61 yards per out run which was a careerhigh. The issue was he only played 47% of the snaps. So they worked him in really slowly coming off a significant injury. You have him in a really good spot this next year if McCarthy is able to impress to the upside. Now if you're looking at him in comparison to like Sam Leaporta and Travis Kelce, the main thing that sports books are telling us is while Hawinson's maybe the more athletic tight end, we're going to get more yards, maybe some bigger plays. With the receiving touchdowns, for whatever reason, they're not projecting Hawinson to really score many. I guess you can go through and you can look at his entire NFL career and say like, "Oh, okay. Well, this is a tight end that the best year you've ever had is him scoring six receiving touchdowns." So maybe it's the fact that he's not a red zone threat, but maybe if you're in a full PPR format, you're a little more excited about Hawinson. We're in a nonPR league. If the touchdowns aren't going to be there, you should kind of avoid. Now, going over and looking at Evan Ingram, the reason Evan Ingram is such a bad pick is this is the dynamic of the draft board where you get teams in your league drafting two running backs, two wide receivers, a wide receiver for their flex, and then they're to the point in round six going like, "Oh, do I take a bench player or do I take a quarterback or a tight end?" And what I've seen is in those ESPN drafts, in those Yahoo drafts, people are almost spazzing and they're just moving up Evan Ingram or Travis Kelce into the sixth round, which you should not be doing. If you want an elite tight end, just take Bowowers in round two, take McBride in round three, take KD in round four. If you can get one of those guys, that's perfect. But don't be taking Evan Ingram in round six. But a big big reason you shouldn't do that as well is we actually see that some of the other tight ends that go way later in your ESPN drafts like Lovelin and Tucker Craft project out to have better seasons than Evan Ingram. And what is crazy with these sports book projections is you look at Loveland projecting for almost 600 receiving yards in comparison to Evan Ingram at 575. And we go back to the beginning of this video and you remember, oh, Ted McMillan's projected way lower than the other veteran wide receivers in his range. Oh, Travis Hunter is projected way lower than the other veteran wide receivers in his range. And why is that? It's because tight ends are going to start a little bit slower. They're just going off median projection. They're not going off the top end range of outcomes. So the fact that the median projection has Leland ahead of Evan Ingram tells me that in my rankings I need to make sure that I have Leland ahead of Evan Ingram because if the median projections higher and at the same time I am fully confident in saying that Lovelin has a much higher ceiling at this point in their respective careers. I mean it's almost an absolute no-brainer here. So I recently moved Evan Ingram down to Titan 11 in my rankings based off this data. I move Tyler Warren and Coulson Lovelin both ahead of him. And I think it would be tough to make an argument that um any of these players are in the same tier as like David and Jooku if you just see Andoku Andrews projected to score almost 100 points nonPPR. Obviously I can't find sportsbook projections with receptions. I wish I could but I think that's all I got for you. Again, I have all this data posted over there on flogfantasy.com, plus all our draft sheets, plus all our rankings, plus all the tools, trade calculator, my team's page, prospects, whole nine yards. 34 bucks, season pass, cheapest thing we've ever done on the site by country mile. And also, if you use code flock, I'm going to be answering your start set questions and your trade questions when I live stream every single night during the season. So, really appreciate you. I'll leave that link in the description. I'll leave that link in the comment section. And I really hope I get to see you out in the live stream later
