Title: Add These 7 Players ASAP - Week 1 Waiver Wire

The worst thing that I see in fantasy football is what people are doing at the bottom end of their rosters going into the year. Honestly, I think just working the waiverwire can give you a significant edge over your league if you know the players that you want to be targeting. And today was the biggest waiverwire day all season in the flock league. We just had 16 waiverwire moves process because our rosters had been locked since the actual draft. So, let me tell you what I did and let me tell you what you should be looking to do in your own league. Now, obviously, I would suggest you link your team with the site. If you link your team with flockfantasy.com for completely free, you can actually see in the far right column the best available pickups. Whether you want to look at just the overall player list, whether you want to sort that positionally by quarterback, running back, wide receiver, tight end, should be super simple, but it'll actually be really useful because obviously I can make a generic waiverwire video and I can say, "Hey, these players I think could be very interesting pickups in the majority of leagues, but I don't know your exact league. I don't know the exact players out there." So definitely double check with the website just in case you have somebody sitting out there like Tank Bsby that I would never expect. So the first group of players that I want to discuss will be the IR eligible options. Now I'm sure you've seen but in the live stream every single day I am grading fantasy football teams, reviewing fantasy football teams, and I see a lot of times that there's Joe Mixon out there on the waiverwire. There's Brandon Aayuk on the waver wire. There's Taji Spears on the Waverwire. Hell, even you can go deep enough of somebody like Jaylen Coker. And all I want to say is if you have an empty IR slot and you have one of these options out there on the waiverwire that's currently on the injured reserve, make sure you go through pick them up for free. Put them in your IR slot because effectively it is just going to be an extra roster spot and an extra player that you get to roster for free. Now let's talk about the options that are going to be relevant that maybe you actually play early on. Starting with the Washington running backs. Now, I am sure if you have not been living under a rock, you know that Troy Kroski Merritt is somebody that you need to have onto your team. I actually was able to draft him in the last round of the Flock League, so I didn't have to chase him up the waiverwire. I can't even imagine what the Waverwire bidding would have been like if I did not take him myself. But I would also throw Chris Rodriguez out there as an interesting option because while I personally am really hoping it's Jaka Kroski Merritt, um Chris Rodriguez did play well in the preseason, he is the veteran. It wouldn't be the most surprising thing in the world if they split this backfield between Rodriguez and Austin Eckler at the beginning portion of the year and then Jakori Kros doesn't come on until the second half of the year. Or realistically, he's a rookie that has nothing invested into him. He could be a complete zero. I'm really hoping that's not the case. I'm really banking on this guy being the starting running back for Washington this year. But both Chris Rodriguez as well as Shaori Kroski Merritt are players that you should probably roster. If you look at the Vegas and Ply team totals for week one, you do have the Commanders as six and a half point favorites over the Giants. And they do project out to be the fourth highest scoring offense in the league. And you potentially could just get their starting running back for completely free. Now, if you pick them up, do not put them in your starting lineup week one. Like you can actually go over and you can see on underdog right now with the projections, they have Jakori Koski Mirit high or lower 35 and a half rushing yards. So, while he's a player that I'm really excited about the long-term upside with, definitely do not start any of these names week one. But if you think that's crazy, you can take that on underdog fantasy. This is the best week to get on underdog. If you look at the promos that they are running, you have a free Saquon Barkley pick higher than half a rushing guard for the Thursday night game. You have a 50% profit boost token for the Thursday night game, 50% profit boost token for the Friday night game, 100% profit boost token drops on Saturday for the Sunday slate, and then additional promos that you're going to get Sunday and Monday. Week one is always the biggest week for promos. Plus, they have the best new user offer that we have ever seen since being with them for four years now, where after you play your first $5, you're going to get $50 added in your account if you use code flock. And you're going to be getting my draft sheets, my rankings, and if you got the 2025 season pass, you can actually go over to flockfantasy.com, fill out the Google form that's going to be asking for your flockfantasy.com email address, your underdog username. you fill that out, you're going to get an additional $10 added into your Underdog account. And lastly, Underdog is allowing me to create custom flock pickum packs for us to ride together. They are doing us a massive favor. They are boosting the packs as well. And we have our first one out for the Thursday night game, but there'll be additional ones for Friday and Sunday this week. Tons happening. I'm going to leave the link in the description and comment section. Code Flock is going to get you all those promos plus our draft sheets. you could possibly start Nick Chub. Now, I also drafted Nick Chub at the end of my Flock League draft, so I didn't have to worry about going out there and picking him up off the waiverwire, but I do also want to talk about Damen Pierce and Woody Marks. Damen Pierce did just get claimed off the waiverwire in the flock league, very similar to Chris Rodriguez because this Houston Texans backfield is similar in a way that while we can project it out to be Nick Chub as the starting running back. And while that's what I'm hoping for, there's a non-zero% chance that Damen Pierce is the dude, it is in the range of outcomes that Nick Chub just has zero juice left, that they throw Damen Pierce out there as the starter and we get a flashback to what we had in Houston 2, three years ago. So, I would roster Chub. I would roster Pierce. I would roster Woody Marks. If you were in deeper leagues, the only note that I'm going to have is with these running backs, if you do not like the role week one, you cut them immediately. And that's what's beautiful about picking up a running back like Damen Pierce is that we know we are going to have other waiverwire options that we like after the first week of the NFL season. And you don't have to roster Damen Pierce as some like longshot rookie like DeAnd Thornton or Jack Besh where if you're rostering Jack Bash and he does nothing week one, it's like, okay, well, can we really cut him? Obviously, we weren't expecting him to do anything week one, but if you're rostering Damen Pierce and he does nothing, then it would be a very, very easy cut. Now, a player that I was expecting to get picked up in the Flock League Waverwire and he didn't and I'm actually going to add him to my watch list and I'm really going to consider him in the future weeks will be Xavier Legette because Legette has had the perfect run out so far. You have Adam Thielen getting traded to the Minnesota Vikings. Then you have Jaylen Coker hitting the IR. And now this is setting up for a spot to have Xavier Legette, Ted McMillan, and Hunter Renfro, who they had to bring back after they cut um to really be the only wide receivers here. I'm not worried about Hunter Renfro in the slightest. It's just going to be Ted. It's just going to be Legette. Legette wasn't a strong prospect by any stretch of the imagination. He was a bad rookie as well, but ultimately he's probably going to play 90 plus% of the snaps and he was a round one draft pick last year. I would probably opt to roster the running backs over them. Like right now, again in the flock league, I'm rostering JKO Kroski Merritt. I'm rostering Nick Chub. I'm not going to drop either one of those guys for a player like Xavier Legette. Now going over and looking at what we have with our next running backs. So we are going to be looking at Dylan Samson and Jerome Ford as running backs that probably need to be rostered. Regarding the Quinshon Judkins situation, I have no idea what to expect. I would expect that he probably is not worth a fifth round fantasy football draft pick. I'll tell you that much. But we have no news. Even if Quinn Sean Judkins signs tomorrow, even if he signs in two days, Quinn Sean Judkins missed all of training camp. He missed all of the preseason and he still hasn't signed a contract. So while Quinchan Judkins, in my opinion, will be by far and away the most talented running back in this backfield, he's not going to be ready. The dude hasn't prepped for an NFL season in his entire life. So I would assume Quincon Judkins starts pretty slow. Jerome Ford's probably the starting running back for this backfield week one. I wouldn't trust him week one though. But again, these are the perfect running backs you put at the bottom of your roster. We see what the split is week one. Maybe it's Dylan Samson's backfield. Maybe it's Jerome Ford's backfield. But if either guy has 70% of the opportunities, they're probably worth the play the following week. Now, if they do split it 50/50, then you probably aren't going to be excited about either guy because obviously it's a bottom three offense in the league. Almost forgot to talk about Olly Gordon, but you got to pick him up. The reason is Jaylen Wright doesn't look like he's going to be good to go at the beginning of the year. Devon Han dealing with the calf. Now, Han did practice Monday. They're telling us Han's going to play week one. However, obviously, if you currently have a lingering injury, you're going to be a little more likely to reagravate that as opposed if you were 100% healthy. You go back and you look at Olly Gordon and this was a running back that after his sophomore season, people were thinking that he was going to be a similar type prospect to Amari Hampton. That's how excited people were and that's how good his sophomore year was. and then obviously falls off the face of the planet in his junior season. Some off the- field concerns as well, but honestly the talent has been there since I mean he was early in at Oklahoma State and if he does get an opportunity he could potentially be somebody like Kairen Williams, Chase Brown that comes from day three to actually make an impact in fantasy early. Now if you're in a deeper league, I think you can look at Hollywood Brown as a pickup. Um, mainly just given the fact that you are seeing Rasheed Rice suspended for the first six weeks. I think ultimately if I'm prioritizing these waiverwire options in these videos, I would opt to go with the running backs before the wide receivers though. Like Hollywood's maybe a really interesting player like an underdog baseball draft. You draft him as a wide receiver six. If he turns out to be wide receiver three, that's great. That actually really helps your team. and like a regular ESPN league where you start two wide receivers, one flex, it's going to be very difficult for you to ever know when Hollywood's going to have a good week and get him into your starting lineup, but he is maybe at least worth a roster spot at the very bottom. Now, going over looking at my Sanders. My Sanders is my favorite type of player to roster going into week one. You know why? He is in a backfield where I have no idea what's going to happen. Right now, the official depth chart is Javvante, my Sanders, Jaden Blue. But very similar to the Jacksonville Jaguars, this may be a depth chart that is meaningless when it comes to the running back position. We may see my Sanders outouch Javvante Williams week one. That is in the range of outcomes. So, if that happens, you could potentially get the free starting running back for the Dallas Cowboys that's had multiple finishes as a top 24 RB. Whereas if Thursday night we see Javvante just be the clear starting running back. Miles Sanders is kind of operating in a committee with Jaden Blue for that second spot, then it's like cool, okay, we'll go ahead and we'll drop Miles Sanders. I know we're going to have more exciting waiverwire pickups after the first week of the season. But you'll know immediately on Thursday night if my Sanders is worth the roster spot or not. So I think he's the perfect guy to hold on at the very end. Naji Harris probably was going to give you usable weeks at the beginning of the season over Amari and Hampton if you didn't have the Fourth of July incident leading to him only having one eyeball. Um, obviously that's a joke. He has two eyeballs. But regardless, he missed like all of training camp. However, he looks like he's going to be good to go week one. So, how I would treat Naji Harris is probably worth the roster spot. Very similar to like Tyler Algier where if the starter were to go down in front of him, he's probably going to turn into a mustard option in fantasy. But you're probably never going to start Nieras outside of an Amarian Hampton injury now. And then going over Emanuel Wilson was a sneaky pickup in the Flock League, which was interesting to see because you do have Marshon Lloyd actually hitting the IR. Obviously a player that hasn't been able to stay healthy at any point of his NFL career. So Emanuel Wilson is the direct backup to Josh Jacobs and the direct handcuff. And then looking at the DSTs, this is what I was interested in when it came to the waiverwire this week because in my fantasy league, the Flock League, which of course, if you're not already subscribed to that on YouTube, make sure you go ahead and check that out. But we didn't force anybody to draft defenses or kickers. So, I had no kicker. I had no defense. So, I'm having to pick up a defense for week one. I went through and I just looked at the implied team totals for NFL offenses for the first slate and I went, "Okay, well, um, who are supposed to be the lowest scoring offenses?" Oh, like the New Orleans Saints. So, the Arizona Cardinals, super interesting defense. Oh, the Raiders. I guess the New England Patriots, super interesting defense. Oh, the Giants, the Commanders, super interesting defense. Um, the Steelers. Oh, the Jets are interesting. Oh, the Browns. I guess the Bengals defense is interesting for whatever reason. When you're choosing between your DSTs, what I personally do, I'm not going to sit here and pretend like I'm a defensive streamer expert, but I look at Sportsbooks data. I get the information of what are supposed to be the lowest scoring offenses of the week, preferably. I also want the defenses to have large spreads in that game. I want to pick up the Commanders like I did, and then to be up against the Giants by two touchdowns. That way they can generate sacks, they can generate interceptions in the second half, but also at the same time, sports books are telling us that the Giants are supposed to be at the very bottom of the league with points scored. So that's what I look at. So I went out there, I put in like five waiverwire claims. I knew I was going to get one of these defenses and I walked away with the Commanders, but I would assume that the Cardinals are going to be the premium pickup of the week. But I think that's all I got for you. I really hope I was able to help you out with this video. Again, I'm going to be doing Waverwire videos all year long. I would highly recommend you just linking your team with flockfantasy.com. That way you can see the personalized, tailored best rankings for you when it comes to waiverwire options. And then also, I'm going to be annoying as hell with this, but this is the number one week all season when it comes to pick promos. So, if you were ever going to get on underdog, now is the time to do it. You have the free Squan Barkley pick on Thursday night, 50% profit boost token on Thursday night, 50% profit boost token on Friday, 100% profit boost token for the Sunday slate, additional pick them promos on Sunday, Monday, and if you use code flock, you're going to get $50 added in your account with the $5 deposit. And if you have a season pass to flockfantasy.com, fill out the Google form, you're going to get an additional $10 added in. And on top of that, we have the Flock boosted pickum packs that we're going to be rolling with together, which will be a ton of fun be able to have the instant reaction to that on the live streams after each game. But I really appreciate you. I'm going to leave the link to Underdog Fantasy in the description and comment section. I really hope I can ride that boosted pick and pack with y'all.
