Title: Buy These 5 Receivers ASAP - Week 1 Fantasy Football

If you draft this weekend, maybe it's not too late. Maybe you can still take these players. However, if you've done your draft already, I wouldn't even mind going out there and sending a trade offer for them. Starting with Xavier Worthy. I know I've talked about him all off seasonason. You know, I've drafted him all off seasonason. I tried to get him in the flock league. I ended up having to take Daniels in the fourth and sadly he did not make it back to me in the fifth, but I've seen in a lot of your regular fantasy football leagues, Xavier Worthy consistently sliding to the fifth round of drafts. And here's the thought process on why I have Xavier Worthy ranked as a mid wide receiver too and I have all offseason. If we go through and if we actually look at what Xavier Worthy did last year, we talked about it in the breakout wide receivers video, but he improved as the season went on. And this is crucial. We talk about this over and over and over again. And that's what you want to see with your rookie wide receivers. That's how you see league winning year two options such as Aman Ross Staint Brown, such as AJ Brown where yeah, maybe it's not great at the beginning of the year these guys aren't startable, but they turn into actual relevant fantasy players in the second stretch, which is exactly what Worthy did in the first nine weeks of last season. Xavier Worthy averaged 9.5 fantasy points per game, which marked wide receiver 53 during that stretch, according to flockfantasy.com. and going over and looking at what he did in weeks 10 through 17, that jumped up to 13.9 points per game, jumping him to wide receiver 29. Now, of course, is that phenomenal? No. We're not going to sit here and rank Xavier Worthy as the wide receiver 19 this year because he was the wide receiver 29 down the stretch last season. But what we can do is we can go ahead and we can actually pull this up with what he continued to improve with in the NFL playoffs. Sadly, we do not have NFL playoff stats on flockfantasy.com just because not all players get to play so deep into the offseason just like Xavier Worthy was able to last season. It's a factor playing on the Kansas City Chiefs. And what did we see? We saw Xavier Worthy go out there and in the Super Bowl drop 157 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns. Now, 100% I understand, yes, it was garbage time, but even in the competitive game against the Buffalo Bills, where the Chiefs only won by three points, you still had Xavier Worthy giving you 20 and a half PPR fantasy points in an extremely relevant game for the Kansas City Chiefs. So, we have the continued trend of the 21-year-old round one NFL draft pick getting better from the first half to the second half of his rookie season and getting better from the second half of his rookie season to the actual NFL playoffs. And I understand, yes, the Kansas City Chiefs offense, maybe people aren't that excited about this year, but you will see a trend with another player we're about to talk about. And what I am wanting to do is I am wanting to pick specific offenses that I'm willing to bet they get better. and the Kansas City Chiefs. This is an offense I'm willing to do so with because we can go over and we can look at what you've had with Patrick Mahomes through his NFL career. And while yes, this past season he was only at 3,900 passing yards, we can go through and we can look at every year of his career beyond and say, you know what, he's typically higher in the NFL in passing yardage mark. I mean, in 2023, he was at 4,100 passing yards. The previous year 5200, previous year 4,800. the previous year, 4,700. I mean, in 2019, he had 4,000 passing yards and he only played 14 games. In 2018, 5,000 passing yards. Now, I don't think we will see Patrick Mahomes in 2025 repeat his 2018 season where he had 50 passing touchdowns and where he had over 5,000 passing yards. I think that Patrick Mahomes is probably gone. We're probably not going to get him back. I don't know if we can get back to 2022 Patrick Mahomes where he had almost 5,300 passing yards. But is it possible for us to see Patrick Mahomes find a middle ground between his highest volume passing numbers of his career and the lowest numbers that we saw last season? Yes, I think we assume that he regresses. He actually finds himself somewhere in the middle and that elevates the overall Kansas City Chiefs offense where Xavier Worthy was already ascending in and that's just going to pour gasoline on the fire. So Xavier Worthy I'm going to have ranked as a must start wide receiver every single week for the first six weeks with no Rashid Rice and then honestly he's still probably going to be somebody that you're putting in at your wide receiver 2 spot when Rice makes it back. Now let's go over and let's look at Dvont Smith. Now Smith is officially my most drafted wide receiver in underdog fantasy drafts because there you're getting him as a wide receiver three and your regular reddraft league is actually a little more expensive which is funny. But if you used our draft sheets, you probably walked away with Devonta Smith. You probably walked away with Xavier Worthy. And obviously, if you have your draft this weekend, it's not too late to get those draft sheets. We still have them updated every Friday on flockfantasy.com. And at the same time, if you've already done your draft, there is still going to be a ton of useful tools there, including the my teams page, the trade calculator, the tradefinder, the updated weekly rankings and rest of season rankings all the way through January 1st. It's only $34 for you to get access to absolutely everything, not only from myself, but from all the other creators that we have on the site. And if you use code flock, you're going to be getting free vouchers for me to answer your start questions and your trade questions in the live Q&A that we're going to be doing every single day until Christmas. It is easily the most affordable way for you to win your fantasy football league this year for only $34. Onetime payment, not even a subscription. But if we look at Devont Smith, while I have him ranked wide receiver 23, and while I am taking him aggressively ahead of ADP, and I'm walking away with him in a ton of my drafts, the wide receiver 23 rank is lower than what we've seen Devont Smith finish as over the past three years. Devont Smith in 2022 averaged 15 points per game. He's the wide receiver 13. In 2023, he was the wide receiver 18. In 2024, he was the wide receiver 17. If we use the range of outcomes tool on flockfantasy.com, you will see that Devonte Smith's range of outcomes should be hovering him this next year at around 14 15 points per game. And you getting that as your wide receiver three is a phenomenal phenomenal price point. And going back to what we were talking about with Xavier Worthy where yes, the Kansas City Chiefs were at the very bottom of the NFL in passing volume last year in comparison to what they historically were at. It's very similar to the Philadelphia Eagles. While yes, the Eagles only had 448 pass attempts last season because they were by far and away the best team in the league. Saquon Barkley managed to stay fully healthy. Saquon Barkley managed to rush for over 2,000 rushing yards. That is not guaranteed to be the case again this season. Now, I have Saquon Barkley in the flock league. So, I promise you there is nobody rooting more for Saquon Barkley than I am. But the realistic outcome is not so guaranteed because we go through and we look at every season the Philadelphia Eagles have had Jaylen Herz. 2020 Herz didn't play the entire year. So maybe this isn't fair to use, but you had the Philadelphia Eagles with 598 pass attempts. In 2021, they had 494. In 2022, they had 538. In 2023, they had 563. And then obviously, they were by far and away the lowest mark that we have seen this past season at 2024. But even if the Philadelphia Eagles still only have 450 passing attempts this next season, Devont Smith last year still exceeded the price point of where you're having to draft him at this year. And on top of this, there is that room for the positive progression of this team's passing volume. Whether that's due to Saquon Barkley losing efficiency, whether that's due to a Barkley injury, whether that's due to a defensive injury, whether that's due to some overall defensive regression and they have to play teams a little closer, whether that's due to a tougher schedule forcing them to play teams closer. I think the passing volume's going to go up in Philadelphia. Devonte Smith is priced at his floor. Um, going over and looking at Travis Hunter, um, it's still very important to point out that right now Travis Hunter is a wide receiver that just went off at the number two pick in the overall NFL draft that people are willing to discount because we don't know what the role is going to be on the defensive side of the ball. And we've already had Liam Cohen coming through and saying that Travis Hunter is going to be playing about 80% of the offensive snaps. So, if Hunter is playing about 80% of the offensive snaps, I mean, you can't really ask for much more than that. Like if we go through and if we pull up some wide receivers from last season, like let me look at Lad McConi as a rookie last year. Let's look at Xavier Worthy as a rookie last season. Hell, let's look at Jameson Williams last year. You can actually see that Jameson Williams played 81% of the snaps. Xavier Worthy played 65% and Lad Mani played 74%. So, what Liam Cohen's telling us here is he's going to get normal usage for a rookie wide receiver or even somebody like Jameson Williams who is in his third year. Now, if we go ahead and if we try to project that out with the Travis Hunter talent profile, I think that you can very confidently say that Travis Hunter is a wide receiver that has it in his range of outcomes to be Odell Beckham Jr., to be Justin Jefferson, to be Jamar Chase. I understand that Marvin Harrison Jr. was an ultimate letdown when you were having to take him at the one-two turn in fantasy drafts last season when he was a top five pick in the NFL draft. But now Travis Hunter is a top five pick in the NFL draft and instead you're looking at him as a low and wide receiver 2, highend wide receiver 3 price tag. I have him ranked wide receiver 26. And for me personally, I would be happy to sell somebody like Jameson Williams for him. Now going over to our next wide receiver, we're going to have another rookie. I did not like the prospect profile of Matthew Golden. I reluctantly had to rank him pretty high in dynasty rookie drafts just because I thought the situation with the Packers offense was phenomenal for him even if I didn't love the prospect profile. But this situation has only gotten better and this situation has gotten so good to the point where it very easily could be possible that Matthew Golden is the number one wide receiver of all rookies this season. That's not how I'm projecting it, but it is in the range of outcomes because if we go through and we look at this, Jaden Reed says he started running routes a few days ago. Today was his first practice since being in a walking boot. Still can't run routes painfree. Feels it mostly when he plants his foot in cuts. He says week one still uncertain, but significant step returning to practice. Again, when we look at these injury reports, what we need to see is we need to see, oh, um, he's exceeding expectations. Oh, he's good to go. Because the teams always are overly optimistic. They always tell us the best case scenario. When they say like, oh, yeah, we don't know if he's going to be good to go week one. The majority of the times that means he's not good to go week one. The majority of the times that means there's a serious problem. And we look at this overall Packers wide receiver room. Um Romeo Dobs team doesn't seem like they love the coaching staff had to come through and say, "Yeah, what the hell are y'all talking about? We're not going to cut this guy." But the fact that that was a conversation is concerning. Um Jaden Reed, we don't know his availability. Um Christian Watson tore his ACL in week 18, so Christian Watson's going to be a non-factor this year. So Matthew Golden is locked and loaded to be the wide receiver one for the Packers. And at the same time, you're looking at Jordan Love pointing towards being 100% for the first week of the season. Now, our next wide receiver is going to be Ricky Piol. I'm going to be honest with you, I don't know if Ricky Pierce is any good. I thought he was a little bit overdrafted to go round one of the NFL draft. If you look at his prospect profile, at the same time, we didn't really see anything outside of two solid weeks in his rookie season. Now, of course, I think you can say that his entire rookie season was almost a wash. The dude got shot. I'm not even going to put him in the range of outcomes tool on flockfantasy.com. What's the point? But what I want to do is I want to look at the situation. Very similar to Matthew Golden. Ricky Pierol is the last guy standing and very similar to the Packers offense, the Niners offense is going to be pretty good. If we go over and we check in on Brandon Iuk, we have no idea when he's going to be playing. I mean, right now maybe we get Brains and I back in like eight weeks. I mean, right now people are getting super pumped about him running routes before preseason games. Um, going over looking at what we have with Jawan Jennings. Um, John L says, "Jawan's still working through his calf issue, making progress. We're kind of like everyone else. hopeful but not sure on week one. That's not good. Um and then they asked about the trade. It says a while ago he asked for a trade but that was a long time ago and we moved on from that. John Lynch discussed Jawan Jennings calf injury and contract situation. You go over and you look at what Jawan Jennings is doing on Instagram. He's going through and saying like f y'all. I want out of here. Then we go ahead and we look at what the Niners actions are telling us. They're saying like oh we may bring back in Kendrick Bourne. How down bad do you have to be to bring back in Kendrick Bourne? So Brandon Iayuk's not going to be available at the beginning of the year. Even if Jawan Jennings is available at the beginning of the season, it looks like Ricky Pierol has been with Brock Party all through training camp. Looks like Piol is the one on good terms with this team and he's probably going to be locked and loaded for the wide receiver one spot in a good offense. And then obviously George KD set to explode. But I think that's all I got for you. I really appreciate you and really hope I was able to help you out in some way with this. And of course, if you wanted to take advantage of the most affordable way to win your fantasy football league this year, for only $34, you get access to every tool on Flock Fantasy.com from now until January 1st, including the my team's page, including the updated rest of season, weekly rankings and tiers. And on top of that, you are going to be getting all the trade calculator, tradefinder, the whole nine yards. Use code flock, and you're going to get free vouchers as well for me to answer your start set questions, trade questions in the live stream during this year. But I think that's all I got for you. Appreciate you and I hope we get to see you out in the live stream later tonight.
