Title: The Week 4 Waiver Wire Will Save Your Season

One of the reasons I'm the last undefeated team in the Flock League and clearly the king of the league is because I've avoided the Waverwire traps over the past two weeks. I haven't gone all out there for Hollywood Brown. I haven't gone all out there for Troy Franklin. This is the week I'm telling you to go all out there. This is the week where it really matters. You go out there and you throw your fab on the line and if you have the top waverwire spot, you use it. Now, the obvious ads that if they were available, you pick them up immediately. Cam Scataboo looks like a locked and loaded starter. Great receiving skill set. Tyron Tracy's injured. He's the clear guy you want. Jake Ferguson is going to be maybe the biggest beneficiary outside of George Piggins with the CD Lamb injury where Jake Ferg is just going to have a ridiculous amount of volume. Caleb Williams looks like he's transitioning from just being a streaming quarterback with rushing upside to somebody that you could reliably start every single week. Quinn Sean Judkins looks like he's going to make us a ton of money in basketball and you could probably start him as a running back too on your fantasy team. Bishel Tuton is a premium handcuffed running back that could expand his role in Jacksonville as time goes on. And lastly, I was wrong. I thought Mark Andrews was done and dusted. It looks like he still has some life in him after last night's game. And if you wanted to get Andrews, by all means go for him. Now, all those players are probably rostered in your league. The guy that may not be, depending on the league that you're playing in, is going to be Trey Benson. If Trey Benson was available in my league, I would be bidding every single fab dollar I possibly had on him. I'd be throwing it all on the line because Trey Benson checks so many boxes. And there's a reason why he was one of my most drafted running backs on underdog this year. While we are fading James Connor, the aging running back that had dealt with injuries throughout his entire entire career and honestly feeling good about it. Trey Benson going back to his time coming out of high school had a ton of pedigree. This was a four-star prospect. This was one of the top running backs in the country. He goes to Florida State. He looks great. Not only does he actually give you the efficiency as a running back with 6.1 yards per carry, but the efficiency as a receiver as well with 11.2 yards per reception. Then you actually get him at the NFL combine. You actually get him through the process. He goes inside the top 70 picks of the NFL draft. And a lot of people are going back and forth. Is the running back one Trey Benson? Is it Jonathan Brooks? Nobody at the time knew. Hell, it's actually just Bucky Irving. But nonetheless, Trey Benson was a great prospect. If you look at the fantasy stock exchange prospect model, I mean, the running backs that he was close to in grades were RJ Harvey, Sony Michelle, Rashad White, Montgomery, Achan, AJ Dylan, DJ Giddens, Josh Jacobs, and Dylan Samson. And what I was already getting really excited about with Trey Benson as somebody who's invested a ridiculous amount of dollars into him was the week 2 game against the Carolina Panthers. Now maybe, yeah, this game he only had eight and a half fantasy points, was the same mark that he had week one. What got me excited was the receiving usage because James Connor had been a very inefficient receiving back so far this season. And what they decided in week two is they looked at Trey Benson and went, you know what, he's a good enough pass catcher. Let's make him our third down back. Yeah, he has the size to be a three down bellcow, but no, we just need him on third down. Let's use James Connor on first and second. So, in week two, you had Trey Benson out there with six targets, four receptions, 30 receiving yards. Now, week three, James Connor goes down for the year. And Trey Benson looks like he is a lock to see anywhere from 10 to 20 carries every week to see about three to seven targets every week, averaging over 15 opportunities a game. And he'll probably be a borderline top 24 running back every single week going forward in my rankings. And we called this in the off seasonason, but he was my bet to be this year's Chase Brown. So, Trey Benson, go out there and get him. He is my running back 24 in my rest of season rankings as of today. Now, Woody Marks will be another running back that I need to discuss because Woody Mars has expanded his role in Houston every single week. Now, I will say there's a massive, massive gap [laughter] between Trey Benson and Woody Marks here with tears. And this is why I really want you to be linking your team with flockfantasy.com. It's completely free. Link your team if it's on Sleeper, ESPN, or Yahoo. And in the far right column, you can actually see the best available players that you should be able to pick up in your exact fantasy football league on your exact waiver wire cuz I can't say for 100% certainty that I know who's available in your league, of course. But nonetheless, Woody Marks may be there. And Woody Marks from week one to week two jumped from 11 to 27% of the team snaps. Then weeks from two to three, he jumps from 27 to 48%. Now, to be honest with you, like Woody Marks isn't some league winning running back. He's not Trey Benson, right? Woody Marks profiles more so as the third down back where Nick Chubb's probably going to get utilized on first and second down. Woody Marks is gonna get used on third. And lastly, you may have Joe Mixon coming back in a few weeks. So, if you look at Woody Marks in my rest of season ranks, I have him like at RB 44, but really encouraging to see him continue to expand his role. Really only interested in a full PPR league though. Now, another thing that you need to be on the lookout for will be these players that started off the season on IR. We'll talk about Jaylen Coker later that could be coming back after this week. Taji Spears is on that list. Now, I'm 3 and 0. I have Pard. Pard's been cruising, getting 89 90% of the snaps every single week. And I'm really hoping Spears does not turn out to be anything. But realistically, what's probably going to happen is Spears is going to come in. He's going to turn this into a running back by committee. And at the very minimum, Taji Spears is going to give you the handcuff appeal that if anything were to occur to Pard, Spears jumps into being a starting running back. Now, I will say I'm not like in love with him. I have them ranked alongside other handcuffs like Blake Corman, Ray Davis because ultimately the Tennessee Titans offense is really bad and hasn't shown any signs of improvement. My Sanders jumps up to being in that handcuff tier as well. Miles Sanders has increased his snap rate from 18% to 22% to 36% getting involved on first, second, and third downs. Looking at Sanders, he just falls in the mix of all like the handcuff backs such as DJ Giddens, Olly Gordon, Kareem Hunt, Kyle Manungai. Obviously, you can go out there and you can pick your choice from him, but I just felt like we needed to talk about Miles Sanders because we haven't discussed him before, but he is just the same as Olly Gordon, DJ Giddens for me. I'm looking at Kenneth Gainwell. Gainwell is going the opposite direction. I've seen a lot of y'all have Kenneth Gainwell on your fantasy teams. If y'all don't know, I am answering fantasy football questions, reviewing fantasy football teams every single day on the live stream. I'm not going to miss a single day of answering your questions until Christmas. So if you want your questions answered, all you got to do is subscribe, come out to that stream. But Gainwell has only played 26% of snaps. Why would you ever roster him? Even if Jaylen Warren were to get injured, all of a sudden Caleb Johnson would just get touches. So Gainwell, committee running back at best in a bad offense. Gainwell himself's not good. Cut Gainwell if you have him. Now let's move over to the wide receiver position. And Alec Amaner is a wide receiver that obviously we talked about last week after he blew up 15 and a half fantasy points, six targets, multiple highlight grabs, and we had seen him actually just continue to command volume. He's averaged six targets a game through the first three weeks. Of course, he hasn't been great. The quarterback efficiency hasn't, but he's been better than Calvin Ridley. Like Calvin Ridley looks like he's straight up wash and dusty. So, I've been moving Ridley down my rankings as time goes on. I've been moving Manor up my rankings. Now he's still not close to the range of players that you would consider starting like I have him at wide receiver 51 right in the same range as Keon Coleman, Khil Shakir, Darnell Mooney, Josh DS, Brandon I Cooper Cup, Trey Tucker, but a couple more performances where he cements himself as the wide receiver one in Tennessee and if Cam Ward gets better as time goes on eventually he could be in your lineup. Now Trey Tucker obviously drops 41 fantasy points. I saw some crazy stat that like Trey Tucker's a top five wide receiver right now in fantasy and points scored. Unbelievable. And if y'all remember what happened last year in week three, oh, last year in week three, Trey Tucker scored 22 and a half fantasy points. What happened the following week in week four? Oh, I ranked Trey Tucker extremely low. Probably didn't even put him in our top 40. He scored 15 and a half. And then the comment section erupted. I had every single person and their mom coming out and telling me, "Mason, how dare you? You clown. put some respect on Trey Tucker's name. Trey Tucker's one of these best ball wide receivers. He's going to give you these random spike weeks. He's never going to profile to see a lot of volume. I'm never going to put him super high in my rankings. He will give you a couple random usable weeks, but don't go out there and waste a spot on him. I have him ranked wide receiver 55 in our rest of season rankings. I wanted to put him there just because like if he does turn the corner and if I am wrong obviously like he's been playing 90% of the snaps every single week. Now going over and looking at Luther Burton, he has yet to play 30% of the snaps in Chicago. I understand he has the big play. He has the touchdown this past week which helps basketball teams very similar to what you have with Trey Tucker. Luther Burton's a better player though and Luther Burden's in a better offense with a better quarterback with a better coaching staff. I am never going to tell you to put Luther Burden in your lineup outside of if we were to get a departure from either Rome with an injury or DJ Moore with either an injury or a trade. And if you just keep your ear to the cobblestone, whatever the hell the phrase is, it's probably not it. But we have had some rumors circling around DJ Moore in Chicago where it seems like this coaching staff doesn't love him. And it seems like DJ Moore is a very real trade candidate. And if that were to occur, Luther Burden would move up in a dramatic way. Now, Christian Kirk is also somebody to have on your radar. Not going to tell you to go out there and pick him up right now, but he had eight targets his first week back in Houston. Ultimately, the issue with Kirk, garbage offense. Um, Jaylen Coker, throw him on your radar as well. Um, obviously, Legette, somebody I drafted a lot in underdog basketball drafts, looks to be the worst wide receiver in the entire NFL. It looks horrendous. So Jaylen Coker when he does come back from the IR very easily could be the wide receiver too behind T McMillan. But ultimately at the end of the day, are you that excited about the wide receiver too for Bryce Young? Um Taekwon Thornton a lot of people are going to go out there and grab. Here's the thing with Thornton. Yes, he had nine targets. Yes, he just had 18 fantasy points. And somehow someway the freaking devs of flockasy.com and the Flock League decided to put Taekquin Thornton in their starting lineup. They're geniuses. All right, but I will never have the confidence to put him in my lineup. It sounds like you may get Xavier Worthy back this next week. Taquon Thornton got cut from his previous team and you're going to get Rishi Rice back in a few weeks. So, unless you're in a really deep league, I don't know how you ever get this guy in your lineup. I don't see why you would waste a roster spot on him. Um, Sterling Shepard, I know a lot of people are going to be talking about him. A lot of people are going to be picking him up. Salman sleeper that he's on like the little trending tab, whatever the hell it is. The thing is while Mike Evans goes down, we know who Sterling Shepard is. He's not viable in fantasy. Abuk is going to be the dominant one here. Chris Godwin may come back this week as well. Don't waste a roster spot on Shepard. Going over and looking at a player that I actually could advocate for you to pick up. Hunter Henry looks like a top 10 tight end. We go back to week one. Hunter Henry played 93% of the snaps, which was a careerhigh for at least his time in New England. Don't remember back to San Diego. And in week three, 29 fantasy points. He had 11 targets. This is a player that is averaging like eight targets a game at tight end. You have good quarterback play and you have no wide receiver competition. Hunter Henry is someone you could pick up off the waiverwire and jam in your lineup in week four. Now, let's move over to what we have with the defensive streamers. I already went and checked all these defenses in my league, and they were pretty much all rostered, which kind of sucks. I picked up the Seattle Seahawks defense last week. The reason I did it was the New Orleans Saints were tied with the Cleveland Browns, projected to be the lowest scoring offenses in the league. The Seattle Seahawks had a massive spread on this game as well. So typically when you see a team that has a massive spread and their opposing team that they're going up against has an extremely low implied team total from sports books tells us this defense is going to be good. This defense can generate sacks, can generate turnovers because the opposing quarterback is probably going to have to throw the ball in the second half. So right now it looks like the Tennessee Titans currently projected to be the worst offense in the league this week. Houston Texans are favored by about seven and a half points in a game that has an overunder of only 38 and a half. So, the Texans would be a phenomenal pickup. The Buffalo Bills New Orleans Saints has the largest spread of any game this week at 16 and a half points. The Buffalo Bills will be one of the best defensive options. And I got really lucky in the Flock League this week. The Buffalo didn't just stomp on the Miami Dolphins um as a DST, but they could the New Orleans Saints this week. Um the Denver Broncos going up against the Cincinnati Bengals. Obviously, we saw what Minnesota did to Jake Browning a week ago. The Detroit Lions play the Cleveland Browns. Um, they're eight and a half point favorites. And honestly, I think we grip grabbed the screenshot before they just stomped on the Baltimore Ravens. They had seven sacks on Lamar. The Minnesota Vikings, if they're there, you grab them. Los Angeles Chargers, great match up against the Giants. Been a great defense. Grab them. Um, and then after that, you got like the Patriots, the Packers, the Eagles. So, like the Patriots is actually the first EST that's available in my league. Um, a spoiler alert. I know Tom said in this video, my guy, I would not pick up the Patriots. I'm not picking up the Patriots. I don't have a bid on them. Our FAB actually runs on Monday nights. That way Tuesday morning I can make a little waiverwire Tik Tok for y'all. But um yeah, I'd like I'm rolling with the Seattle Seahawks defense yet again this next week. Even though the Seattle Seahawks are dogs to the Arizona Cardinals on Thursday night just cuz like the top five, six defenses in the league this week are probably already roster. At least they're already rostered in my league. I don't know if they're going to be in yours, but I really appreciate you and I really want to recommend link your team with flockfantasy.com. It's free. You can go through and you can see the exact best waiverwire options in your league in that far right column on the my teams page. Just click to expand your team and you can see it there. You can sort by positions. It's going to be much easier and much more effective than trying to view it with whatever app you're playing on. But I'll leave that link in the description comment section. It's completely free. I'll be live streaming of course later today, tomorrow, the next day, the next time. I'm going to be live streaming every day answering your questions.
