Title: The Week 2 Waiver Wire Will Ruin Your Team

I know the thing on YouTube is I'm supposed to come out and I'm supposed to tell you, "Oh my gosh, these players are going to win you your league. Go get them." Now, the fact of the matter is, well, yeah, you should actually be working the week one waverwire if you can, making small ads, optimizing the bottom end of your bench, which I'm going to try to help you with, I actually think it's going to be more important for you to focus in on how to not ruin your fantasy football team because I see a ton of opportunities to actually do that week one. Now, my waiverwire actually already ran in the flock league. That's going to be something we are doing super early every Tuesday morning. So, I'm going to be able to make this video for you and actually give you real advice of what's happening in a real expert fantasy football league. Now, before we get into the ads I think you need to be looking at, let's talk about the obvious pickups. If JaKory Cross Merritt, Quinn Sean Judkins, Zack Charbanet, Justin Fields, Justin Herbert, Keon Coleman, Keenan Allen, Trey Benson, Dylan Samson. If any of those guys are on your waiver wire, please go get them. I'd imagine the only leagues where they would be available are eight team formats or maybe 10 team leagues where your league mates don't know what they're doing. Now, in my opinion, and I know um people are going to not like me for this, but the number one pickup this week is Belle Tutin. Yes, the running back that does absolutely nothing week one like Belle Tutin comes through and he has a whopping three carries for 11 yards. We look at the overall snaps and B shell Tuton really doesn't even get on the field. He plays four snaps after Tank Bsby and the Quint Allen June. It was horrendous. Now with that being said, we just got the Tank Bsby trade and there's a video coming out later today about buy low candidates and you'll see what I'm doing with buying low on running backs is just targeting every single rookie running back because they're going to expand their role as time goes on. I have Travis ETN in the flock league. I hope ETN remains the bellcow throughout the entire season. But now Belle Tutin at the very minimum is a premium handcuff back and this is a very talented rookie running back with a lot of upside that could expand his role as time goes on. He's the number one running back pickup and I would go get him right now. And funny enough, Avery dropped him in the flock league. I'm going to be going and putting an aggressive bid on him. He actually picked up Quinton Johnston who we'll talk about right now. And I'm assuming that he just forgot to change Belle Tutin as his drop after we add the Tank Bsby trade news. Now going over and looking at Quinton Johnston. He's wide receiver 54 in my rest of season rankings. I am right ahead of Brandon Iayuk, Shahed, Christian Kirk. And if y'all were with me this off seasonason, if you watch me draft teams on underdog, you know that there is not a single player I have more money invested into this year than Quinton Johnston. He was getting drafted as the wide receiver 79. I thought it was a ridiculous price point, best value on the board. I took him over and over and over again, and I let people laugh at me while I was doing so. Week one in Brazil, we get five receptions, 79 receiving yards, multiple receiving touchdowns, and seven targets. I cannot tell you though that he is a mustart player. The fact of the matter with Quinton Johnston is if you are in a deeper fantasy football league like the Flock league where it's a 12 team full PPR double flex for sure pick him up, stash him on your bench and hopefully we get a continued trend of performances like this to where eventually in my weekly rankings I can rank him as a top 36 wide receiver and he can be somebody you consider putting in your flex. But the nature of the wide receiver position is just naturally one where players like Quinton Johnston are going to have some random spikes when they score touchdowns. And when the touchdowns aren't there, it is going to be an absolute disaster. So, while I am printing money in underdog basketball drafts right now, don't worry, I'm giving it right back to them with all the pickhams I'm losing. I don't want you to view Quinton Johnson as somebody that's going to change your reddraft team because the issue that you're going to have is you're going to have to predict when you can actually put him in your starting lineup, which will be difficult if both Lad Mcconkey and Keenan Allen are earning targets ahead of him. Now, Hollywood Brown is actually going to be higher in my wide receiver rankings. I have Hollywood Brown up to wide receiver 49. And if we didn't have Rashi Rice coming back, Hollywood would be much higher than this because for the time being, we have no worthy. We have no Rice. So when I post my week two rankings, you will see Hollywood Brown is nowhere close to wide receiver 49. He's going to be a lot closer to wide receiver 28. But with Hollywood the first week, you have 16 targets. Yes, 16 targets, 10 receptions, 99 receiving yards. And this is in a game in which Patrick Mahomes struggles. He only have 258 passing yards and one passing touchdown. So, the fact of the matter is Hollywood is a decent short-term fill-in. If you're in a 10 team league where you only start two wide receivers, one flex though, there it's going to be hard for him to hit your lineup just because the replacement level player is going to be so high. Now, what I really do want to address is every single one of your waiverwire is going to be completely different. I review fantasy football teams on the live stream on this channel, literally every single night that gets submitted through flockfantasy.com. And every single time I look at the waiverwire in the far right column, I will see um a vast array of options I wouldn't have expected to be there. So before you do anything with your waiverwire, the number one free resource that you're going to get, which will help you way more than just going to Sleeper and looking at the trending tab, is going to be linking your exact league with flockfantasy.com. It's completely free. I'm going to leave the link in the description, the link in the comment section, but the far right column is going to help you way more with the waiverwire than I could in a singular YouTube video because it will actually take into account who's exactly available in your league. Now, Kahan Booty is probably going to be somebody that it recommends that you pick up. And what I was surprised with is I was surprised to see we actually had him going for the same dollar amount in the Flock League as Quinton Johnston. Between the two, I would prefer Johnson. I know Booty is a wide receiver that was on the field for pretty much every single snap and every single route until he had to go off for an injury, but he's all good. Don't worry about that. So, he's playing 100% go for the New England Patriots. My only hesitation is playing about 100% go. You had 46 straight May pass attempts and he had eight targets. Stefon Diggs coming off the torn ACL only played 40 snaps, only ran 37 out of 53 potential routes. Now maybe this is copium because I have Stefon Diggs on my team and I'm really fingers crossed hoping that Stefon Diggs does something in the future, but if I had to pick between Hollywood, Quinton Johnson, and Booty, I probably would go ahead and I would probably put him last. I understand phenomenal prospect profile going to LSU. Really strong early career at LSU, but then obviously does nothing in the early part of his NFL career. What I'm always worried about is these wide receivers that don't have the draft capital and and randomly in year three, they go out there and they have a good week. Seems like people get overly optimistic with these guys for them to typically only have a good week or two and then go back to dust. I'm not telling you that's for sure going to happen. And I think Booty does have some upside, so I'd probably put him at the bottom end of your bench, but I don't want you to blow your fab budgets on any of these guys realistically. Um, going over to Ell. Um, I understand that at the end of the game looked like he could have been great. I understand that. Yes. At the same time. I mean, he went out there and he ran 28 out of 34 routes for Camboard, but you're kind of sitting here as like the wide receiver, too, in the Tennessee Titans offense. So, I'm not that excited about you. Um, I will say if you had like Marvin Mims, if you had Pat Bryant, if you had any of those names, I probably would drop them for Troy Franklin. Troy Franklin does appear to be the number two wide receiver behind Courtland Sutton after week one. Going over and looking at Calvin Austin, I saw Calvin Austin get picked up in the Flock League. I think people are going to be interested in Calvin Austin in your regular league. I wouldn't really to be honest. I understand that he has himself a fine day, but what did it take? It took four passing touchdowns from Aaron Rogers and none of them to go to DK Mechaf. Maybe this is Copium. I have DK Mechaf on my team. I'm hoping he does better in the future, but I don't know if we're gonna get four passing touchdowns from Rogers. And again, I I think Calvin Austin's like the perfect example of somebody that, yes, if you should have drafted him in your underdog basketball teams, and yeah, he would have helped you week one, but ever being able to predict when he was actually going to make an impact in your lineup would be close to impossible. The position that is actually interesting on the waiver wire. Like the only position that I feel like you're not going to regret going heavy on would be tight ends. And the reason for this is all the tight ends that we thought could have been good this year, none of them are. They're all bad. Every single one of them. I thought I got a phenomenal value on T.J. Hawinson in round eight. And we see how that is turning out. Hunter Henry in New England actually is right up there. ties Kahan Booty with eight targets. We can go through and we can look at the snap data from PFF. PFF made this little chart for us and we can see that Hunter Henry with the new coaching staff is back to playing more snaps than he ever has. I mean, he went out there and he actually ran 39 routes in week one. And we've seen Hunter Henry be a productive tight end in the past. And I don't think there's an established alpha wide receiver one in New England based off what we had with Diggs week one. The pickup that everybody's going to be running to go get is going to be Harold Fannon. And I get it. Harold Fannon was used everywhere in this Browns offense. They looked at Jerry, Judy. They looked at David and Jooku and went, "Yeah, y'all are cool, but you're no Fannon." Fannon has nine targets leading this team. And if you're looking at this PFF data, Harold Fannon plays 55 out of 76 snaps, which was good for 72%. In one tight end sets on first and second downs, it actually looks like you had more David and Jooku. But Harold Fannon really got out there in one tight end sets on third and fourth downs, indicating that maybe Harold Fannon's viewed more as actually the receiving tight end here in Cleveland and David Ajoku's more of the blocking. But this is very reminiscent of Isaiah likely last year where everybody went nuts for likely and turned out to be nothing. Now the new coaching staff in New Orleans is looking like they're really going to use Jawan Johnson. Jawan Johnson plays more snaps than he ever has. Like Jawan Johnson legitimately plays 74 out of 75 snaps. I I like I don't know how that's possible for Jawan specifically. He actually does go through and he has 11 targets leading the New Orleans Saints, but my hesitation with this is we had 46 Spencer Rattler pass attempts. How often do we get 46 pass attempts from Spencer Rattler? And at the end of the day, they are probably the worst targets you could possibly ask for. And then going over and looking at Britain Strange. Strange is on the radar as well after he leads the Jacksonville Jaguars in receiving, but at the end of the day, he only has four targets. Travis Hunter is eight, Brian Thomas has seven. We assume that they still dominate. And then in terms of the defensive streamers this week, the only waiverwire move I was willing to do in the Flock League, because I had Nick Chub as the last running back on my team, I wasn't really looking forward to dropping Nick Chub, was I swapped defenses. I had the Washington defense last week. Love the match up against Russell Wilson and the Giants. This week I dropped them and I put $5 to get the Baltimore Ravens defense and honestly I was aggressive with it because there's a spread on this game of 11 and a half points. And right now sports books are telling us that the Browns offense should be the worst offense in the NFL this week. They look capable last week because they went up against arguably one of the worst defenses in the league with Cincinnati. So I think Baltimore crushes if you're looking at other defensive options. The Niners get to play the Saints. The Rams play the Titans. The Cardinals play the Panthers. The Steelers play the Seahawks. The Bills play the Jets. So, typically what I look at when I'm streaming defenses, I'm just being completely honest with you. I'm not sitting here claiming to be a defensive expert. I could maybe name five players in the Baltimore Ravens defense, if that, is I'm looking at the spread of the game because I want my defense winning in the game. I want the opposing quarterback to have to drop back. That way, we can generate sacks. That way, we can generate turnovers. And I want the overunder of the game to not be unreasonably large. I want the opponent's team's implied team total to be pretty low is I want sports books to tell us, hey, this game's going to be a blowout and the other team's not going to be able to put points on the board. That's what they told us with Washington New York last week, which is why I went heavy on the Commanders defense and is what they're telling us this week with the Ravens Browns, which is why I went heavy on the Ravens. But again, do not blow your load on any of these names week one, unless you're with the obvious ads. I think a lot of these wide receivers are going to be random spike week guys that are pretty good in baseball, but in your regular reddraft league, it's going to be difficult to figure out exactly when you should put them in your starting lineup. Belle Tutton is very interesting though. I think this is a running back that should be stashed across all leagues, even if Travis ETN's going to be the guy in the short term. But of course, you need to get tailored customization to your exact waiver wire. We got you set up on flockfantasy.com. Just go over link your league. Whether you play on ESPN, Yahoo, or Sleeper, we got you. It's free. It's super easy. And then the far right column when you're looking at the power rankings of your team, there's the best available waiverwire options and you click on the position and it will actually sort it for you where you can filter through and see, I need a quarterback, I need a running back, I need a wide receiver, I need a tight end, and the site will be able to point you to exactly what's the best available in your exact league. But I think that's all I got for you. I really appreciate you and I really hope you get to see out with the live stream later
