Title: The #1 Draft Strategy That Will Win Me The Flock League

I promise you I care more about winning my fantasy football league than everything else in this world combined. Like, if I won the Flock League this year, I promise you I'd be the happiest man on the planet. If I get dead last and I have to make YouTube videos every single day talking about how I'm a failure and everybody mocks me. My life will be hell on earth. So, my draft strategy this year is the most important thing that I've ever looked into. Like I have done so much research into the quarterback position, running back position, wide receiver position, tight end position, and I really want to break down the actual tiers that we have within the position so I can come up with the strategy of how many running backs do I need by round nine, how many wide receivers do I need by round eight, and I think we just did that effectively. I have my little list of our requirements. Now, starting off with quarterback draft strategy, it's going to be stupid simple, right? There are four elite quarterbacks in fantasy football this year. You have Josh Allen, Lamar Jackson, Jaden Daniels, Jaylen Herz. Now, if you want to see all my rankings, I posted rankings videos of every single position over the past two weeks, and we have them tiered out for you as well. But this is the tier where you draft the player and you don't draft a backup. Right? If I took Josh Allen at the beginning of round three, the advantage that it's going to give me is not only am I guaranteed top three quarterback production this year based off what we've historically seen, but I'm not going to have to draft another quarterback in round 10, I'm not going to have to draft another quarterback in round 11. So maybe where somebody ends up having to take two quarterbacks at the very end, I'm able to grab somebody like Tank Bsby and all of a sudden hit on a great late round running back. Now, with that in mind, where I will be looking at these quarterbacks is if they go off the board in the second round, I I'm out. I'm not taking them. Specifically, the Flock League, the draft that I'm going to be in is a double flex 12 team format where it's going to be very important to build up my wide receiver core and my running back core. Now, if you're drafting in a two wide receiver, one flex format, if you're looking at the draft sheets that we have posted on the site there, you'll be a little more likely to push these elite level quarterbacks up just because you don't have to go as deep at wide receiver. Now, Jaden Daniels, Jaylen Herz, I don't think I would take them at the beginning of round three or the middle of round three. There will still be some running backs there that I really like, but if either quarterback makes it to me at the 34 turn there, I would be very interested. If Jaylen Herz makes it to me at the middle of the fourth or the end of the fourth, I'm almost certainly going to be taking the elite level quarterback at that point. Now, if I don't get an elite quarterback, the last thing I'm going to do is just go and take Joe Burrow in the fourth is go and take Baker Mayfield in the sixth. And that's probably going to be something that you'll experience in your draft on ESPN, your draft on Yahoo. Because a lot of times what happens is if you're drafting against people who don't know what they're doing, they're going to take two wide receivers, two running backs, a flex, and then they go, "Okay, why the hell am I going to take somebody that goes on my bench before I take my tight end, before I take my quarterback?" And that's how you get Travis Kelce off the board in the sixth round. That's why Baker Mayfield has an ADP in like the sixth on those platforms. I'm drafting against guys who know what they're doing, though. I mean, in the Flock League, we have Salvetra, we have the guys at Fantasy Land, the guys at Fantasy Domain, we have the guys at Fantasy Stock Exchange. All the developers of flock fantasy.com are sharing a team, and on top of that, we have a couple editors, including the guy editing this video, Thomas, who made it to the championship last year. But everybody has their lives centered around fantasy football. So, I don't expect Joe Burrow to go off the board in the middle of the fourth. If it does happen, I'm going to piss myself laughing so hard. I'm not expecting Baker Mayfield to go in the fifth. So realistically, if I get Joe Burrow in the late sixth, beginning of the seventh, there I definitely will consider him. If I get Baker Mayfield in the eighth, Bon Knicks in the ninth, there I'm going to be taking that quarterback. But realistically, I think what you should be doing in your draft is if you don't get the elite level name, you just draft two players at the end. Because if you're in a 10 team, 12 team league, you just have to go through the game theory of it, supply and demand of the position. If we look at quarterback 12 and beyond with the average expert rankings on flogfantasy.com, you will see Dak Prescott, Drake May, Jared Goff, Justin Fields, Jordan Love, Justin Herbert, Trevor Lawrence, JJ McCarthy, CJ Strad, Michael Pennix, and Tua. In my opinion, all of those quarterbacks have QB1 upside this year. And if you see a team draft Josh Allen, you see a team draft Lamar Jackson, you see a team draft Jaylen Herz, Jaden Daniels, they're not going to be taking a second quarterback. So, there will be eight teams left over in your draft that are fighting for a massive group of guys. Realistically, the team that takes Baker, the team that takes Burrow in the middle rounds probably is not going to look at one of these guys anytime soon. So, I'm going to wait until the double- digit rounds if I don't get the elite quarterback. And I'm just going to take two of these players. I'll take Jared Goff and Justin Fields. I'll take Jordan Love and Justin Herbert. I'll play the matchups between them. If I need to stream the position, I'll stream the position because I know there will be quarterbacks in the waiverwire in my league specifically. Now, going over to running back, this is where I need to start putting in some really strict rules for myself. So, I'm looking at the tiers that we have in the expert rankings on flockfantasy.com because almost everybody in the draft has their rankings on fogg fantasy.com. So, honestly, it's probably a pretty good list in what order these players are going to get drafted. And I am seeing the top 18 picks. These guys are quote unquote guaranteed running back ones. Now, in reality, no. We know that one or two of these players will bust. One of them's going to get injured. The other one may just be bad and fall off, but they're very safe projections. I can almost confidently say that they will be RB1's. That's going to be Jir Gibbs, Bejian Robinson, Saquon Barkley, Christian McAffrey, Devon Achan, Ashton Genty, and Derk Henry. I would expect that all of these running backs are off the board at least by pick 18. And if I could get one of them, I would feel extremely confident having that anchor. Now, I know a lot of people think that just having a round one running back means that you have your anchor RB. In reality, you get Ashton Genty at the beginning of the second round. He can act as your anchor. You just have to make sure you're inside that tier. And then the teardrop that you're going to have after Derrick Henry will involve Bucky Irving, Chase Brown, Jonathan Taylor, Josh Jacobs, Amari Hampton, and Kairen Williams. And how I'm labeling these running backs are high upside running back ones. Do I think that they're guaranteed to be RB1's? No. Realistically, you could see Bucky being an RB2 this year. You could see um Amarian Hampton being an RB2. But these are players that I'd be very excited to have as my running back, too. And I'd be completely okay with them as my RB1. And I would expect in the Flock League, all these guys are off the board by pick 36. There's no way in hell Amari Hampton falls to the fourth. Knowing who I'm drafting with, in reality, it's probably going to go at the beginning of the third. Now, rounds four and five will be filled with one or two player types. You're going to have either the crazy upside running backs like Trevion Henderson, like James Cook, like Bree Hall, or you're going to have the safe volume running backs such as Alvin Kamara, Chuba Hubard, James Connor. Now, of course, I'm using these terms lightly. Whenever I say safe, I understand. Maybe there's a 25% chance that Chuba Hubard ends up losing work to Rico Dattle this year and he wasn't as safe as you thought he was when you took him in the fifth or you took him in the fourth. But with this profile of a running back, this is the last tier that I am okay with them being my running back one. That's Bree, Kamar, James Cook, Kenneth Walker, Trevon Chuba, James Connor, RJ Harvey, and Caleb Johnson. Prefer to have these guys as my running back too. Then round six to nine are going to be probable starters, but no guarantee. Like DeAndre Swift in theory, you just look at seasonl long projections. You can say, okay, yeah, he's most likely the starting running back for the Chicago Bears. He's most likely a top 24 guy, but the floor is very low. In reality, there is the outside chance that the new coaching staff decides to really turn this into a three-man committee or bring somebody new in. Um, you have Isaiah Pacheco, David McGomery, Joe Mixon, Aaron Jones, Tony Pard, Brian Robinson, Tyrone Tracy, and then rounds 10 through 13 will be bench depth pieces that you could definitely start, but uh, more so they're just depth where you don't want to have to rely upon starting them week one. And they do have some upside as well. That's Travis Tien, Jordan Mason, Zach Sharbonet, Quinn Sean Judkins, Cam Scataboo, JK Dobbins, Trey Benson, Tank Bsby, Jaylen Warren, Javvante Williams, and Raadre Stevenson. And then if we are looking at beyond round 13, these are going to be running backs that they're startable if something changes. You're most likely not going to be able to start them with their current situations, but they are great players to build out at the very end of your roster with Dylan Samson, Rashad White, Belle Tutin, Taji Spears, Jaden Blue, Jerome Ford, Naji, Gindo, Brilland Allen, Ray Davis, and Austin Eckler. Now, the rules I'm going to be putting on myself here at running back is I need at least one guaranteed running back one or high upside running back one. So, I'm going to be very concerned with my draft if I don't get one of the top 13 running backs in fantasy this year. Whether that's Gibbs, Bejan Barkley, McAffrey, A Chan, Genty, Derk Henry, Bucky, Chase Brown, Jonathan Taylor, Josh Jacobs, Amari Hampton, or Kairen Williams. I want one of those players. And then beyond that, I'm going to need at least three running backs by round nine. And then I'm going to try to get as many as I can in the double- digit rounds because you'll see at wide receiver, the double- digit rounds gets very, very ugly. That's why if you're using our draft sheets we have posted on flockfantasy.com. You'll notice once you get to the double digit rounds, we don't have you taking wide receivers very often. Now, of course, I would never show up to this draft if I did not have a draft sheet and I did not have this planned out to a te. If you don't have a draft sheet to take to your draft, I would highly recommend grabbing one on flockfantasy.com. I have 50 posted so we can cover all your platforms, all your league settings to make sure you have a specific draft sheet that's going to help you in your exact draft with your exact league settings. And you also have four draft guides from other creators. Plus, if you sign up for the season pass, which is only $34 on flockfantasy.com, you are also going to get access to updated weekly rankings through the entire year. You're going to get a trade calculator, trade finder, my team's page, player comparison, range of outcomes. You're going to get rest of season rankings throughout the entire year, not only from myself, but all the creators that we have on flockfantasy.com. And on top of that, you are going to be getting free start sit questions and trade questions for me to answer during the live stream in the season if you sign up with promo code flock. Now, let's move over to the wide receiver draft strategy. And this is where the tiers really, really matter. Because if we go over to wide receiver, you have the quote unquote safe wide receiver ones that are going to be gone by the middle of the second round. This is Jamar Chase, CD Lamb, Justin Jefferson, Malik Neighbors, Puganua, Aman Ross St. Brown, Nico Collins, Brian Thomas, Drake London, and AJ Brown. All of these guys project out to be wide receiver ones this year. And there are very few red flags, if any, with these wide receivers. Now, if we're looking at wide receivers that have the ceiling to be a wide receiver one, they're likely a wide receiver two, but they have the floor to be a wide receiver three, all of these players are going to be gone by the middle of the fourth round. That's Lad McConi, JSN, T. Higgins, Marvin Harrison, Tyreek Hill, Garrett Wilson, Devonte Adams, Ted McMillan, and Mike Evans. And once you get beyond that tier, we are going to be looking at players that have a ceiling as a high-end wide receiver, too, and a floor as a wide receiver four, where more likely than not, these players will contribute in the Flock League. They're it's a 12 team, two wide receiver, double flex, full PBR format. They'll be great flex plays, and there are a bunch of them. You have Courtland Sutton, Terry McLaren, Xavier Worthy, Devonte Smith, Travis Hunter, DK Metaf, George Pickkins, Jameson Williams, Roman Dun, DJ Moore, Jaylen Wadd, Chris Ave, Z Flowers, Calvin Ridley. Now, in the flock league, all these players are going to be gone by the middle of the sixth round. In your regular reddraft league, if you're in like a casual two wide receiver, one flex format, you may see, oh my gosh, Roman Dunce just fell to round seven. Roma Dunce just fell to round eight. No way in hell that's happening with the draft. Um, I'm in. And then looking at wide receivers that have um a top 24 finish in their range of outcomes and no guaranteed floor. I can't tell you for a 100% certainty that these guys are startable. You have Josh DSuka, Jordan Addison, Jerry Judy, Stefon Diggs, Chris Godwin, Ricky Pierol, Jawan Jennings, Debo Samuel, Jaden Reed, Matthew Golden, Jacobe Myers, Michael Pitman Jr., Cooper Cup, Darnell Mooney, Keon Coleman. But beyond that wide receiver 50 or so mark, the floor falls out where I can't tell you that any of these wide receivers are going to make a difference. I don't know what the ceiling's like. I don't know what the floor is like. And all these wide receivers are going to be gone by the ninth round. Like the ninth round is when we should have those final guys getting picked off like Michael Pitman Jr., Cooper Cup, Darnell Mooney, and then the long shots, round 10 and beyond. This is where I would almost rather just be taking running backs. I would rather be taking tight ends. I'd rather be taking quarterbacks. Y'all saw me in the flock league last year prioritize get my wide receivers early. I need to make sure I get them before the bottom falls out. And I would say that here beyond wide receiver 50, the bottom has officially fallen out. So for me, I'm going to have some strict rules. I need at least one wide receiver by round three. So if I start running back running back, even if I get a crazy follow like Trey McBride making it to me in the third, it doesn't matter. I have to take a wide receiver. Now, by round six, I need to be taking at least three wide receivers. And then by round 10, I need to have at least five wide receivers on my team. Now, going over and looking at the tight end position, tight end's going to be very similar to quarterback. I would love an elite level option. Um, I would take Brock Bowers in the second round if we have the wide receiver tier drop already happen. I would take Trey McBride in the third. I would take George KD in the fourth. Now, the advantage that you get with one of these tight ends is very similar to if you took Josh Allen, Jaylen Herz, Lamar Jackson, Jaden Daniels, and that you're not going to have to draft another tight end through the rest of your draft. I mean, when we're in the double digit rounds, that gives me another shot to take on a running back like Jerome Ford. Now, once we move beyond the top three tight ends, which I would say that they are guaranteed high-end tight end ones, I'd be very shocked if Trey McBride wasn't a weekly differencemaker for you. This year we have like a Sam Leaporta TJ Hawinson tier where they have top three upside. They're most likely startable, but I can't guarantee you that Sam Leaporta is at least a mid-tighten one. And if you draft Leaporta or TJ Hawinson, you can technically take another tight end late. But in reality, a lot of your drafts, if you think you can stream tight ends, you probably don't need to. But beyond that, you're going to have to draft two tight ends. If you wait till the tier of like Kelsey, Tyler Warren, David and Jooku, Mark Andrews, Evan Ingram, Coulson Lovelin, Tucker Craft, um, at that point, I would say that they all have Titan one upside, but at the same time, none of them are guaranteed to be startable this year. So, I'd at least draft two of these guys. I probably wouldn't draft two tight ends in the same tier. Like, I don't know if I would go Travis Kelce in round eight and then Tyler Warren in round nine. But if you go like Travis Kelce in round eight or if you take Tyler Warren in round nine, then what you probably want to do is wait till we get to the crapshoot tier where I can't guarantee you that these guys are going to be anything at all. But um you could definitely see the ceiling case like Ferguson, Concaid, Dallas GD, Kyle Pittz, Johnu, Zack Erdz, Hunter Henry, Isaiah Likely, Briton Strange, Mason Taylor, and Kate Oddton. Now, overall, if we combine all of this, here are my strict rules that I'm going to lay in on myself. With my first four picks, I need at least two wide receivers and I need at least one running back. So, that means I'm not allowed to take an elite quarterback and an elite tight end. If I take Brock Bowers in round two, I'm not allowed to take Lamar Jackson in round three. I'm not allowed to take Josh Allen in round four. Now, of course, my league's double flex 12 teams. If you're drafting in a two wide receiver single flex, that rule wouldn't apply to you. And just use the draft sheets we have posted on the site. With my first six picks, I'm going to need to draft at least three wide receivers. And I'm going to need to draft at least two running backs if I didn't get a guaranteed RB1. So, if I walked away with like Bejian Robinson in the first round, I'm going to give myself a little bit of leeway. I'm not going to make myself draft a second running back by round six because also I may be playing catch-up at wide receiver. Now, with my first nine picks, I need at least three running backs and I need at least five wide receivers because that will put me in a position before we had that massive teard drop at wide receiver, which that means in the first nine rounds, I only have one slot to dedicate to either quarterback or tight end. Maybe I went with an elite quarterback, maybe I went with an elite tight end, but one of those positions I'm going to be lacking. And then a double- digit rounds, if I took Brock Bowers, I'm going to need to take two quarterbacks. I'm going to need to take Brock Py in the 10th, Jared Goff in the 11th. If I went with maybe Josh Allen in the third, I'm gonna have to take two tight ends. Maybe here I decide to take Tucker Craft in the 10th and then I decide to go ahead and take Zach with one of my last picks. And then also in the double digit rounds, I would really like to hammer in those running backs that potentially could be startable if their situations were to change. Go get those guys like Tank Bsby. Go get those guys like Dylan Samson. Go get those guys like Jerome Ford. Hell, even go and get somebody like Jaden Blue. But let me dive into a couple mock drafts so I can show you exactly how I'm implementing these rules, exactly how I'm using my draft sheets. And I'm going to be doing two drafts. One where we draft a running back in round one and two where we draft a wide receiver in round one. The best way to practice drafting is actually going to be either getting in a public mockdraft lobby on fogfantasy.com or getting in a draft simulation. I'm going to do a draft simulation because it's actually filled with um a bunch of bots from the people that I'm actually going to be drafting against, right? So, I think this is going to be the best way for me to practice my own draft. Maybe you want to get into the public lobbies yourself, but I'm going to be using two different things. One, the draft sheet specifically for my exact league settings, which will be a 12 team PPR start 8. I'm not going to be using a sleeper, ESPN, or Yahoo sheet because we're going to be drafting in person. So, I'm going to be using the other sheet and also I'm going to be combining that with the rules that we laid out in this video for my specific league format. So, if we're looking at how the first five picks went off the board, let's mark them off our sheet. We will see that the next highest player is going to be Justin Jefferson, who we will go ahead and we will take with the sixth pick. And this follows right in line with what we want to be doing with either a wide receiver running back in round one. So, it's already happened. We are already getting suckered into taking an elite tight end. We have Brock Powers is the best available player on our board. He's also the highest available player according to the expert average ranks on the site. And if you sort this by my rankings, he's actually the highest in my rankings as well. So, we are going to take Brock Bowers here. But going back to the rules that we are going to have for oursel in this draft. Once we take Brock Bowers, this means we are no longer looking at quarterback or tight end through the next five rounds. That would be different if you're playing in a single flex league. So again, just make sure you're using your own sheet that we posted on Flock Fantasy. But here for a double flex format, we need to build out our skill positions. So now we're in a spot where both Kairen Williams is the best available player for us in our draft sheet with these settings. And at the same time, Kairen Williams is the best available player overall in my rankings. So we're going to take Kairen Williams here in the middle of the third. But again, going back to our rules with our first six picks, we need at least three wide receivers. So now we're going to be locked and loaded into having to take wide receivers over the next few rounds. So, when we're back up on the clock and we are looking at James Cook or Mike Evans being the decision here, I think we are actually going to go ahead and take Mike Evans who is the highest ranked wide receiver both on the draft sheet as well as my own rankings. And then when we are looking at DJ Moore verse Chuba Hubard vers Harvey, again, going back to the rules, we have a lot of flexibility with what we can do by round six. We need to draft at least three wide receivers. So, if we do take say Chuba Hubard here, we are going to need to make sure we draft a wide receiver in round six. But, if we go with the wide receiver here in DJ Moore in round six, we're going to need to at least go with another running back to make sure that we have at least two. So, our next two selections are going to be wide receiver and running back. We just need to figure out which one we go with first. And looking at the upcoming tiers, I think that you're going to see that at least for my rankings in the draft sheet over there on flockfantasy.com that a lot of running backs are going to be available to us in the sixth. So I'm going to follow my rankings and take the highest ranked player with DJ Moore, hoping that a running back makes it back to us in the fifth even if Chuba Hubard's a great value here. So now we are on the clock again. We know that we need to be taking a running back with this pick. The best available players according to our rankings will be McGomery, Tony Pard, Pacheco, Aaron Jones. But in reality, I'm actually getting a little more excited about Tony Pard given the Taji Spears injury. So, I'll make sure I update this in my rankings, but I think I'm going to go ahead and take Tony Pard here in the middle of the sixth for our second running back. Now, going back over to our rules, we are about to come up with our ninth pick soon. We need to make sure that we have at least five receivers and three running backs. So, over the next two rounds, we need to make sure that we are drafting at least two receivers and one RB. It looks like the wide receiver teardrop doesn't happen for quite some time, but in reality, I'm about to have 12 picks between my selections. So, I actually think I'm going to go ahead and take the wide receiver here with Jerry Judy instead of Aaron Jones. If you wanted to go Aaron Jones, I would not fault you for it. So, I am happy that we decided to go with Jerry Judy to get our fourth wide receiver. Now, we're going to need at least one more wide receiver and one more running back over the next two rounds given the tier drops that we're going to have. So, looking at the running backs that could be available to us in round nine, maybe we have Jaylen Warren, Travis Ten, Zack Charbanet. Looking at the wide receivers, maybe we have Cooper Cup, Keon Coleman. The highest ranked player in my own rankings is going to be Tyrone Tracy. So, I think we're going to take Tracy as as our third running back and then we'll see what makes it to us in the ninth. So, in the ninth, while we do have great running backs with Jordan Mason and Jaylen Warren, we've already done our research. We know this is our last shot to get a viable wide receiver. If you were in a two wide receiver one flex league, definitely make sure you're taking the running back here. But with a double flex format, I'm going to go ahead and reach past Jordan Mason and Jaylen Warren to get to Keon Coleman. And if you actually look at the expert average ranks, you'll see that you do have Jaylen Warren possibly making it back to us where I guess I'm just much higher on Jaylen Warren than the rest of the guys on the site. So, let's take Keon. But once we've taken Keon Coleman, we've built out our skill positions. Now, I can begin looking at the QB spot. Now, I can, if I ever wanted to, take another tight end. Reality is we have Brock Bowers. If I took another tight end, it wouldn't be until the last two rounds. But we can open these positions back up to us. And what we actually see is we have some quarterbacks here. Remember, we're going back to that tier where you can actually draft two of these guys and play the matchups. So, I'm going to take Caleb Williams here in the middle of the 10th round. Makes a lot of sense to stack Caleb Williams with DJ Moore. We've already made the bet on that Chicago Bears offense. And because we wait until the double- digit rounds, we can afford to take two quarterbacks. So, we're going to go ahead and sort this by my rankings. You'll see that I have Justin Fields in a four-point passing touchdown format, ranked slightly ahead of Jr. Goff. So, we are going to take Fields bank on the rushing upside. And now we are going to be done at quarterback. Obviously, we're never taking more than two. So, we're going to be looking just at running back, wide receiver, and tight end. We have the tight ends as the highest ranked players in my rankings with Dallas Goddard and Daltton Concaid. But because we have Brock Bowers, I'm actually going to pass on them. And again, going right back to what we were talking about previously with the final few picks in your draft, you want to take players that you can comfortably cut after week one if you don't like the roles that they have. So, I'm going to take Nick Chub here in the middle of the 12th. If this Joe Mixon injury is serious enough where Joe Mixon misses the beginning of the year, we could see Nick Chub be a starting running back week one in a decent offense. However, if Joe Mixon plays, I'll easily cut Nick Chub. And we're going to take Jerome Ford for that same reason. If Quinshon Judkins is a starting running back for the Cleveland Browns this year, I'll know I can very easily cut Jerome Ford, pick up an exciting waiverwire option. However, we do have the upside that potentially, just potentially, you do get Jerome Ford as a starting running back week one. And then we'll take Xavier Legette. We'll see what his role is in comparison to Jaylen Coker and Adam Thielen. But overall, I like the draft. Let's check out our draft with the league analyzer does have us in here at the seventh slot with the expert average rankings. However, I am um a little bit biased, but I think my rankings are probably the best. And here it would have us as the fourth best draft where if we're looking at our quarterback room, it's dead average with Caleb Williams, Justin Fields, ranked seven. We have the second best tight end room where we only took one with Brock Bowers. We have the third best wide receiver room with Jefferson, Mike Evans, DJ Moore, Jerry Judy, Keon Coleman, and Xavier Legette. And then at running back we have Kairen Williams, Tony Pard, Tyron Tracy, Nick Chub, and Jerome Ford. So overall, I'd be very excited if this was my draft in the Flock League. But let me show you a second draft where we actually take a running back in round one. So here in round one, we have the expert average telling us that Saquon Barkley is the best play. Um, we have my rankings telling us that Barkley is the best play. If you're going to go ahead and look at what you actually have with the draft cheat sheet that we are going to be using for this format, it also confirms that Saquon Barkley is the best player on the board. So, we're going to go ahead. We will take Saquon Barkley. And this does satisfy a lot of the rules that we have because now if we go over, we already have one running back with our first four picks. We just need to make sure we draft two wide receivers over the next three rounds. And then with our first six picks, we don't even need to take another running back because we just got a quote unquote guaranteed RB1, even if we are using the guaranteed term lightly there. But this is a perfect setup for us. If you actually check the draft sheet, we will have AJ Brown as the best available player at this point. And we need to make sure that we are getting in some receivers. So, we'll take AJ Brown. We'll go all in on this Philadelphia Eagles offense. And then with this upcoming round, if we were to decide to take Lamar Jackson, then at that point, we can no longer take a tight end in the middle rounds. We can no longer take a quarterback in the middle rounds. So, that would be appealing to me. However, because we took the elite tight end in the last draft, I'm actually going to go ahead and take Karen Williams here in the third so I can show you something a little bit different. So, we don't have to cross off all quarterbacks and tight ends on our draft list until we get to round nine. Now, we're in a spot that we already have two running backs. And again, if we go back to our rules with our first four picks and a double flex full PBR format, I'm going to want at least two wide receivers with how the tier drops happen. So, I'm going to take Xavier Worthy, who is the highest ranked wide receiver in my personal rankings here at the 408. And then with our first six picks, we're going to need at least three wide receivers. So, if we just take DJ Moore here, which is what I'm going to do, that actually satisfies that box for us where round six, we can do anything. We can just go best player available, we can take a running back, we can take a quarterback. If you were sitting here and you absolutely love Joe Burrow, I'm not going to fault you for taking him. Um, if you love Sam Leaport, I'm not going to fault you for taking him. And honestly, f it. Let's go ahead and let's take Joe Burrow. But once we take Burrow again, we cannot take another quarterback or tight end until round nine. We're going to be playing catch-up at the other positions. We'll take Jerry Judy here at the 705 for our second flex spot. And then I know obviously we don't have a burrow stack with Chaser Higgins. And if you're in an underdog draft, that is super super important, but here it doesn't matter as much. And then with our first nine picks, we need to make sure that we get at least three running backs and five wide receivers. So these next two picks, we need one running back and one receiver. And if we're looking at the setup here, we could go with Jacobe Meyers in this round or maybe Keon Coleman in the next round. Running back, we could go with Tyron Tracy in this round or maybe Travis CTN in the following one or maybe we get Jordan Mason making it back to us. So, what I'm actually going to do here is I'm going to take Jacobe Meyers at the 806 and we'll see if we can get a fall. We sadly don't. Now, we do need another running back. The expert average has Zack Charbanet as the best option. However, I do think that Jaylen Warren is going to be the starting running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers week one. So, we will take Warren. If you look at our team here, we have the three running backs. We have the five wide receivers. We have a quarterback with that we can start with confidence. And then, honestly, now that we're back up on the clock, we're in an interesting spot where those two players that we would have previously considered early on. Um, we have Keon Coleman and Sarbanet making a back to us. So, it's just a judgment call at this point. Um, with the tier breaks that you personally see, do you think there's a further tier break from Keon Coleman to Rasheed Shahid and Rashad Baitman or a further tier break from Zack Charbanet to JK Dobbins, Javvante or Madre? I think the running backs are closer than the wide receivers. So, I'm going to take Keon Coleman here at the 1008. And then now that we're on the clock again, we could go with our first tight end with Dalton Concincaid. Um, if we were looking at another position, I'm probably not super interested in taking a wide receiver. While this is a double flex format, realistically, we already have six of these guys, so we're not stressing there. Um, looking at the tight ends that we're going to have later on, it is a very flat tier. You could go with Raadre, you could go with Brilan Allen, but I'm really confident with Barkley and Kairen. So, I'm going to take Dalton Concaid here at the 1105. And realistically, I'm probably not going to draft another wide receiver through the rest of this. So, now we're on the clock again. We could go with Nick Chub. We could go with the second quarterback. If we decided to take that second quarterback, whether it was McCarthy or Herbert, we'd be done drafting QBs. And honestly, I think that's what we are going to do here. Because Nick Chub, I'm very confident he can make it back to us. Or at the same time, you could realistically see us walk away with a couple other running backs that are very similar. Um, we don't get them. However, the highest ranked player for us is going to be Kyle Pitts at this point. And we need two tight ends, right? We waited until the very bottom. We waited to dive into the dumpster. So, we'll take Pitts to pair him up with Dalton Concincaid. And then here, we're done at tight end. We're done at quarterback. The only position we'd be looking at is going to be running back. We'll take Tyler Alier. If anything were to occur to Bejon, obviously Alier can be a league winner. But, as we pull this up with the expert average ranks, we are currently sitting sixth in the league analyzer. If we switch this over to my rankings, that jumps us up to third. We are sitting with the fourth best running back room with Barkley, Kairen Williams, Jaylen Warren, Tyler Algier. The fifth best QB room with Burrow and McCarthy. The eighth best receiver room with AJ Brown, Xavier Worthy, DJ Moore, Jerry Judy, Jacobe Myers, Keon Coleman. And the seventh best tight end room with Dalton Concade, and Kyle Pittz. But I think that should be it for you. I hope I was able to help you out with these mock drafts. I hope I was able to help you out in general. Again, if you want to make sure that you can use all those draft sheets, dominate your specific draft, they're all posted on flockfantasy.com. I made 50 of them for every league format you could imagine, plus all your drafting platforms. And on top of that, you'll get access to a bunch of other draft guides from other creators on the site. And you'll get all of our rankings, both weekly and rest of season, until January 1st. Access to all the tools on flockfantasy.com until January 1st as well. And if you use code flock, you're going to be getting me to answer your start questions and your trade questions during the season. And it's only $34 onetime payment, not a subscription. But I appreciate you and really hope I get to see you out in the live stream later
