Title: There’s a Rookie Problem In Fantasy Football

We have a serious problem we need to discuss and it's with the rookies. Whether it's Travis Hunter, Trevian Henderson, Amari and Hampton, or hell, even the lesser players like RG Harvey, Caleb Johnson. None of them are good. None of them are looking like they're turning the corner anytime soon. I'm answering fantasy football questions every single night on the live stream and people are panicking. And some of it's warranted, some of it's not. Let me give you my updated take with every rookie that we've seen through the first two weeks and let you know if they're going to turn the corner anytime soon. Starting with the most exciting rookie, the guy that you either took in round one or round two of your fantasy draft with Ashton Genty. If we are going back and looking at Ashen Genty coming out of college, which I'm sorry, but we're going to look at every single one of these players and revisit their prospect profile because that's extremely relevant only two weeks into their NFL season. Ashton Genty was viewed as a can'tmiss prospect. Ashen Genty was viewed as the third best running back prospect that we have seen in the past six years only behind Saquon Barkley and Bejan Robinson according to the fantasy stock exchange model on flockfantasy.com and according to a lot of NFL talking heads where if y'all remember they were talking about Genty being a top five pick before the NFL draft seemed like it was completely warranted where he had the size he had the collegiate production that made him almost win the Heisman over Travis Hunter. we're going to talk about later in this video. And you go back to his true sophomore season, he led all running backs in the country with receiving, which is incredible to think about. So Ashton Jinsy presumably checked every single box. He gets the NFL draft capital being a top 10 NFL pick as well. And now we have to revisit this going, why the hell is he not producing? Because in week one, he scores 12 fantasy points. And in week two where a lot of people were waiting on Genty for the last Monday night game going, "Oh, I just need 10 points. Hopefully we win." No. Ashton Genty scores 7.4 fantasy points. And you actually see a lot of statistics go backwards with Genty. He falls from seeing 86% of the snaps in week one down to 56% of the snaps in week two. He falls from seeing 21 opportunities in week one to only 15 opportunities in week two. This is the exact opposite of what you were wanting from the guy that you selected in the first, the guy that you selected in the second round. Now, I get the notion of, oh, okay, the Raiders are they're just garbage, right? The Raiders are never going to be better. This is one of the worst offensive lines in the NFL. Gino Smith is garbage. He can't even at 200 passing yards thrown the ball 50 times in a game and he has three interceptions in this. There's no coming back from here. But I'm going to look at it with the opposite lens. I want to remind you that Ashton Genty has played two games in his NFL career. And in those two games, he has averaged 15 carries and three targets out of the backfield. The volume's been there. The opportunity's been there. And I can't sit here and tell you that I watched every single one of the Ashen Genty snaps in week one against the New England Patriots. I did watch every single snap of him week two in that Monday night game against the Chargers. And to be honest with you, every time he touched the ball, I was impressed. He was breaking tackles. He was making a highlight moves in the backfield. Now, the issue was the offense was so bad that he was getting hit in the back field. And his highlight move picked up two rushing yards at the end of the day. But I think Genty, we have to lower expectations down because of the offense, but he looks good. the workload's there. So, he's still a must-start running back and I think he still has a lot of upside. I have him ranked as RB 11 inside the same tier as Chase Brown, Kairen Williams, and Alvin Kamara. Still somebody that you're starting every single week, the talent profile is great. And when the Raiders offense has good weeks where the Raiders will eventually win some football games, um Gent is going to be a lot more compelling there. Now, let's move over to Amari and Hampton. And with Hampton, very similar to Ashen Genty. Obviously, he wasn't in the same tier as a prospect, but I still thought, hell, this dude's a can't miss player because you go through and you look at his size and it's like, okay, Bellcow. You look at what he did in college, oh yeah, he's going to handle work on all three downs. You look at the receiving skill sets, it's like, oh yeah, they don't need to take him off the field as a receiver. And you combine that with an elite athletic profile at the NFL combine and the round one NFL draft capital. There is nothing that you would not have liked about the Samari Hampton profile coming into the NFL. Now, here's the mistake that I think we all collectively made as fantasy drafters because if you remember early in the offseason when I was doing underdog drafts every single night, Amari Hampton was going at the four or five turn in drafts. He was a late fourth early fifth round pick because the thought process was okay with Hampton maybe he starts a little bit slow because Naji Harris is going to be there and we hope that he beats out Harris as the season goes on. But then we had the Naji Harris fireworks accident. Then it was viewed as Naji Harris isn't going to play this season. It's only Amari and Hampton and that's it in this backfield. And then all of a sudden three games before the season we get the reports no Naji's good to go. I didn't believe it. I'm like, "Oh, the dude that hasn't taken a hit since 4th of July is good to go three days before the season. What are you talking about?" But no, it actually turned out to be true. Week one, Najias, he only had one opportunity, clearly not fully ramped up to speed with this Chargers offense. So, Amari and Hampton had 80% of the snaps. And the mistake that I made is after seeing that week one performance, I went, "Okay, Hampton's a bellcow right now." Um, Naji isn't going to expand his role. Naji is going to only have one touch per game forever. Well, no. It looks like Naji is going to have a serious role here, which obviously if you all saw the Flock League video, y'all know I was rooting for Naji to have fewer than five fantasy points this past week. So, I was praying on this dude's downfall. You can see it in that video. But Naji Harris was on the field a lot. Naji Harris was on the field even before Amari Hampton fumbled. Now, yes, technically it was on Justin Herbert, but in reality, it was on Amari Hampton. Once he fumbled, they did not let him go back out there. So realistically, Naji's going to have a role in this offense going into the future. Now, from what I have seen, it seemed like Amari Hampton was more so the third down back, at least that's how they were utilized in this Raiders game, but Amari Hampton still is going to have the majority of the snaps overall regardless. Now, if we're looking at how we project Amarian Hampton going into the future, I don't know if he is startable anytime soon. Like if you look at my rest of season rankings, you'll see I have him right ahead of like Javvante Williams. But in reality, when I put out my week three running back rankings, you're going to see that Javvantee's well ahead of Hampton. But if you're a team that's 2 and 0, I think you can buy the Hampton dip with how bad he's been through the first two weeks on prime time where the Los Angeles Chargers are by far and away the number one team in passing rate over expectation and know that they're probably going to run the ball a little bit more and that's probably going to feature Hampton as well. So if you could trade James Connor for Amari and Hampton, if you could trade DeAndre Swift, Jaka Crosky Merritt, Tony Pard, if you're a two and0 team, I think that is very interesting. Now, let's move over to another running back in this same range, and that's going to be Trevian Henderson. And Henderson, I think we made a very similar mistake as a fantasy football community overall. Because if y'all remember, Trevon Henderson was a round six draft pick early on. Like, I know I went on the fantasy pros YouTube channel. I was like, "Oh, Trevian Henderson, he's my favorite pick in round six." And then what ended up happening? Oh, Trevon Henderson, he had a kick return touchdown in the preseason. Oh, Trevian Henderson, he's making highlight play after highlight play after highlight play. And every single person in the fantasy community went, "No, I need to be the highest on him. I need him on my team. I need to be the Trevian Henderson guy because he's such a compelling player. He's so exciting. Goes inside the top 40 picks in the NFL draft. Great receiving profile. We all believe that this New England Patriots offense was going to be dramatically improved from 2024 to 2025." And a lot of that's played out to be true. Like what's very impressive with Trevon Henderson is through the first two weeks, you've already had eight receptions, you've already had 54 receiving yards, and this is with him averaging about 33% of the snaps for the New England Patriots. But that's been the issue. While Amarin Hampton's had usage on all three downs, Trevian Henderson has only been the receiving back in New England. He has been the straightup backup to Arandadre Stevenson, which is what we were all rationally saying was going to happen back in June, back in July before the preseason games and before we got too excited about it. And then all of a sudden, Trevian Henderson's going at the 34 turn in the flock league draft and obviously you spend that price tag on them. You are stressing about it. So with Henderson, I think we just need to reset expectations. Very similar to what we needed to do with Amari and Hampton where the fantasy hype got too high before the season started. He got pushed too early in these drafts. Henderson's still a running back that has an incredible amount of rest of season upside specifically as a receiver in full PPR formats. I would still feel very compelled if you can trade Bill Crosky Merritt over for Trevy on Henderson. If you could sell DeAndre Swift, if you could sell Tony Pollard for Henderson, especially on a two and 0 team, this should be a running back that continues to get better as time goes on, even if technically he is the backup to Madre right now. Now, let's go over and let's look at Quinn Shawn Judkins. Judkins obviously very, very different scenario. Now, most of y'all were able to either pick up Quinn Sean Judkins at the very end of your draft or you're able to get him off the waiver wire in a lot of instances. Now, let's just keep this between you and me, but I actually have a friend, a buddy that I'm playing in the Flock League this week that may or may not have drafted Quinn Sean Judkins in round five because that's how much he liked the talent profile. But Judkins, he's here. And honestly, if I had to choose a guy to start between Judkins, Hampton, and Henderson, I would probably go Judkins because before the Baltimore game, Judkins had practiced with the Browns like twice. I'm pretty sure he didn't know the names of any Cleveland Brown other than Joe Flacco. And yet they still got him on the field and got him 13 opportunities where he was the clear best running back as well. And you look at the draft capital, you look at the team investment into him. At this point, I would rather have Quinchan Judkins over R.J. Harvey. I think Quinn Sean Judkins may actually be startable going into the future. Now, a big issue you're going to have is just the Browns offense being the worst offense in the NFL, right? And the other running backs here with Dylan Samson and Jerome Ford are probably good enough to have a role. So Quinchon Judkins if you got him for free 100% you're absolutely loving life right now I would put him in a similar bucket to like Kamari and Hampton and Trevian Henderson as guys you're not starting at the moment but as soon as you see that good week then you can go ahead and get them in your flex spot. If I was predicting when these players would be startable Ashen Genty is startable right now don't hesitate. Hampton I think you're probably going to need just a week or two to get that confirmation. Trevion, you're probably going to need, I would say, three to five more weeks for him to work up over Raadre. And then with Judkins, it looks like you may just need a week or two to see it. RJ Harvey is going to need another four to six weeks. We go over and we look at R.J. Harvey. R.J. Harvey is in the same exact boat to what you have with Trevian Henderson where R.J. Harvey has averaged about 32% of the snaps for the Denver Broncos over the past two weeks. Now, the thing with Harvey is he actually hasn't been efficient. RJ Harvey is currently sitting here coming off a game where he had seven opportunities for a total of 24 total yards. Obviously had the one big play week one, but JK Dobbins straight up looks like the better running back. So, it's almost tougher to say with Harvey because I honestly do think that he's a much worse prospect than what we had with these other guys. But, I almost view him as like a premium handcuff at this point where if anything were to occur to Dobbins, R.J. Harvey turns into what looks to be a league winner. This is very similar to like David McGomery. So if you look at them in my general rankings, I have RJ Harvey one spot ahead of David McGomery rest of season because the big thing is one, you have the JK Dobbins injury history and two, if we were projecting out, there's almost no shot McGomery overtakes Gibbs outside of an injury where I do think by the time we get to week 10, RJ Arvey's probably going to be the starting running back here. Now going over looking at Caleb Johnson, this is the run one running back that you can cut. He went in round six of my fantasy football league and honestly probably went in round six, round seven of yours as well. But Caleb Johnson is had a total of about three snaps played and one of them he cost the Pittsburgh Steelers the game. So Caleb Johnson I moved down to running back 44 right behind guys like Tyler Algier, Brian Robinson, and Tyrone Tracy. I think I'd rather have a running back like Tyler Algier that's just a premium handcuff RB because even if Jaylen Warden were to get injured at this point, Caleb Johnson's probably split in the backfield with Kenneth Gainwell. Now, Jaory Kroski Merritt, massive riser. I made the mistake of trading away Jaka Kroski Merritt for Tony Pard before the Austin Eckler injury in the Flock League. Um, I'm not feeling great about it right now because with JCM, you are looking at a starting role available to you. it's yours for the taking and one of the best offenses in the league. So, I would throw him in a similar bucket to like Aamari and Hampton in that I'm probably not starting him this next week. I probably want to wait a week or two to see him actually play over 50% of the snaps, see him have over 60% of the opportunities in this backfield. He's not going to be a feature RB. He's not going to take everything. I do think you're probably going to have Jeremy McNichols stealing some of the receiving usage, but I think you just need another week or two for Jaory Crossitar and then you could possibly start him. Um, I have Cam Scataboo on my bench right now and I'm almost treating him the same way. I think you only need to wait about a week or two before we can get Cam Scataboo into my lineup. Um, he actually did look like he took over as the starting running back this past week where he played 52% of the snaps. Tyrone Tracy looks like he got straight up bench. And the very interesting thing with the Scataboo profile is not only does he have the size to be a three-down player, which we saw in college, but he was actually one of the best receiving running backs in college as well, which is something that I'm really excited about. And it is interesting to see him moving up the rankings on the website, which um hopefully by the time you're watching this, we've actually pushed out the biggest update to the rankings pages that we've ever had on flockfantasy.com. So now when you go to the rankings pages, you are actually going to see every relevant fantasy football statistic as well when you determine how you are valuing these players both in the week three rankings for your lineup right now as well as the rest of season rankings for those trades. So it's completely free to check out the rankings on fogg fantasy.com. The only thing that will be paid well if you wanted to sort by my specific rankings there you would need a paid site subscription but you can check out the expert average and all the stats for completely free. Now, let's move over to Belle Tutin. Um, with Toutin, super exciting running back. Like, I'm not going to lie, I'm a little bit nervous of what he's going to do to my Travis ETN long-term value. Like, I wouldn't be surprised whatsoever if we get to week 14 and Belle Tutin's a starting running back in Jacksonville. But, I would throw him in a similar boat to like RJ Harvey. There's no way in hell you're starting this dude anytime soon. and you're really just treating him as a premium handcuff back that maybe at the very end of the season can't take over. Now, let's go over and let's look at the receivers. T McMillan right away has demonstrated that he's an alpha. Played 85% of the snaps this past week. He's seeing almost everything in this Carolina Panthers passing offense. Very similar to what we saw with him in college. For him to come in and put up these numbers right out the gate, I would love to move him ahead of AJ Brown, ahead of Lad Mcconkey, ahead of Brian Thomas in my rest of season rankings. The only thing that's making me hesitant with it is just how bad this offense is going to be with the additional offensive line injuries to already bad quarterback play. So Ted absolutely crushes. I mean, I think you should be excited to start him every single week regardless of matchup. I know we had a Bukas the sell high option this past week and yes, he comes through with another receiving touchdown playing 93% of the snaps, but again, you only have four receptions in back-to-back games. It's not like the volume's crazy. I do think once you eventually get Chris Godwin into this offense, you should look at a boot a Buas probably a wide receiver that is gonna transition over to like a borderline flex play. So, I know maybe I'm a little bit lower on him than y'all are, but I don't know if he's like an every week jam. I think he's more so a flex play rest of season, but obviously phenomenal player. Now, Travis Hunter is somebody that I was in on. I was like, "Okay, well, in regular reddraft leagues, he's so cheap that you have to go out there and you have to grab him." Super unique prospect. Obviously gets the number two overall draft pick. I mean, essentially, somebody has to pay the fifth overall pick and a future first to get to Travis Hunter. And that future first looks like it's going to be pretty damn valuable right about now. And to see the Travis Hunter usage through the first two weeks, it's not great. Like this past week, he played 59% of the offensive snaps for the Jacksonville Jaguars. And what's really worth pointing out here for Travis Hunter is the utilization downfield. It's like he's not running real routes. It's like they're trying to go, "Okay, well, he's our playmaker. We got to get the ball in his hands. Hit him with a screen. Hit him with a quick drag. Hit hit him with a quick slant." Like, we're not letting him go and make double moves. We're not letting him work downfield unless I have been missing it. But we were hoping that we had the big play upside, the big ceiling from Travis Hunter. And I think ranking Travis Hunter going into the future, he's not startable until you see otherwise. What you want to see from Hunter is I want to see him getting to eight plus targets every single week because it's not like these Trevor Lawrence targets are so valuable that you can go out there and you can be a productive name with six, seven targets a game. Now, Matthew Golden will be our next name. Matthew Golden's actually looked really good in terms of getting open when he's been on the field. The issue is Jordan Love's just not been hitting him. Like Matthew Golden right now is sitting with the total of about five fantasy points so far this season. The thing is with the Jaden Reed injury, you would just assume, okay, Matthew Golden's going to play more. He only played 48% of the snaps week one, 59% of the snaps week two. The Green Bay Packers don't really run the wide receiver rotation like that. The Green Bay Packers will throw out some wide receivers that you've absolutely never heard of. Now, because the offense is very good, because Golden has the round one NFL draft capital, I do think realistically Matthew Golden's going to be worth the roster spot. And if he's on your waiver wire, if somebody gets frustrated and drops him, I would probably go out there and pick him up. But, um, again, can't start him until we see otherwise. And some other wide receivers that may actually be interesting to talk about. Ellomor is looking like he may be that wide receiver that randomly comes from day three of the NFL draft and produces for you. You actually have him tied with Calvin Ridley with six targets this past week. He had seven targets week one. And you have the highlight grabs from him in week two. Looks like the chemistry is great with Cam Ward. A big thing that we're going to need to see is we're going to need to see I mean just general progression with this Tennessee Titans offense. We're not going to be interested in LK man or if the Titans offense remains a bottom five unit in the NFL. but looks like he's a lot better than some of these other wide receivers where if you compare him to say Jaden Higgins, Jaden Higgins at this point is a wide receiver that is worth cutting. You had the opportunity with no Christian Kirk. He didn't take advantage of it. 43% of the snaps week one, 43% of the snaps week two. He only sees a total of four targets in the first two weeks. That he's not a good enough prospect. He's not a round one pick like Matthew Golden or you can afford to hold on to him, especially knowing that Nico Collins will be the alpha and Christian Kirk will draw targets. And then going over and looking at Luther Burden, I was ready to tell you that Luther Burden was droppable. Um, I know he's only rostered in 32% of leagues, but we did just get the report from Ben Johnson saying that he understands and that he knows he needs to do whatever he can to get Luther Burden involved more in this offense. So, it's probably a little bit too early to go through and drop burden just yet. But I think that's all I got for you. I really do appreciate you and really hope I was able to help you out. If you want to check out the prospects page where you can evaluate these guys coming into the NFL, if you want to check out all our updated rankings, if you want to link your fantasy football team, use a trade calculator, it's all on flockfantasy.com. It's going to be the number one resource for you to win your fantasy football league. The majority of this stuff is free on the site. We do have some things payw wall just to be honest with you, but I'd be super happy if you just checked it out. I'll leave a link in the description in the comment section. I genuinely do think that it's really going to help save your fantasy season. But I think that's all I got for you. I really appreciate you and if you subscribe, I'll see you out in the live stream later
