Title: Top 70 Rankings & Tiers - 2025 Fantasy Football

We've had injuries, suspensions, and now we have to completely redo the rankings list from last time you saw it. But we are going to go tier by tier. Tier one, we are starting with Jamar Chase, Bejan, Barkley, Gibbs, and CD Lamp. Quickly with Jamar Chase, there's not too too much to discuss. If you're going to go ahead and look at the points per game that we had this past season, it was 23.71, which ranked number one in the NFL among all receivers. You're actually sitting with 9.8 yards per target, 2.44 yards per route run, over 100 receiving yards per game. literally every single box you'd possibly want to see gets checked. He has elite quarterback play and there's no question that he should be a round one pick this year. You can kind of say the same thing with Bejian Robinson. What's going to be very interesting is if you go to the player comparison and look at the first five weeks of Bejian's year in comparison to the weeks 6 through 18, it's a night and day difference. People were panicking about Bejon last year, but ultimately he does truly take over as a three-down bellcow in the second half of the season. Once you get past that little stretch of tough defenses he had to play at the beginning of the year, he was a league winner. I expect no reason for that to change this next season. The offense should be average to above average dependent on Michael Penn. Good offensive line, three down workload, excellent receiving back. Um, Saquon Barkley is going to be our 103 here. Now, with Barkley, I understand that yes, you were up at 22.2 points per game. However, there are some concerns mainly surrounding the amount of overall touches that Saquon had last season. He had 345 carries in the regular season. He had 43 targets as well. So, he had almost 400 opportunities in 2024 in the regular season. You go ahead and include what he saw in the postseason as well. very likely you are going to be looking at Barkley regressing in a couple different areas just because the workload that he had to sustain last year. And then going over and looking at Jir Gibbs at the 104, there is a growing sentiment of people wanting to put Jamir Gibbs up at the number one spot in their fantasy football rankings. Now, for me, I completely understand this with the reports coming out that Jir Gibbs is taking a higher percentage of this backfield than what we've seen in years past in training camp. and going to be taking more and more away from David McGomery. And this is why I love drafting Jamir Gibbs last year. And we actually saw, yeah, Jir Gibbs jumped from 12.1 to 14.7 carries per game. He jumped from 16 points per game up to 21 points per game from year 1 to year two. My hesitation with this is going to be the overall offensive downgrade that we are going to see where the Detroit Lions were at the top of the NFL last year in total points scored. However, sports books currently are projecting them to come back down to earth and be right outside the top five offenses. Now, of course, they're still going to be great, but the offensive line's going to be worse, and the offensive coordinator changing may just lead to fewer overall red zone trips. Still think that he could very easily be the number one overall player in fantasy this year, especially if you were to get a McGomery injury. And then looking at CD Lamb, he will be the last player in tier one for us, even though he was only the wide receiver, eight in points per game last year. But a big thing is we need to be looking at when Dak Prescott was actually healthy. If we go back and look at CD Lamb and the player comparison tool on flockfantasy.com in comparison to Jamar Chase and look at Chase's 2024 season in comparison to CD Lamb at 2023, you will see that they were almost identical. And I am not that worried about George Pickkins taking too many targets away from Lamb. Now, full transparency, if you are looking at our 2025 draft guide cheat sheets, you will see dependent on your exact league format, the rankings may be different. Not in terms of, oh, if you're in a sleeper league, I want to have Jir Gibbs. If you're in an ESPN league, I want to have Saquon Barkley. That's not where they're different. But you should be valuing the wide receivers versus running backs, the quarterbacks versus tight ends, the tight ends versus wide receivers differently dependent on your exact league settings with how many teams are in your league, as well as if it's PPR, non-PR, half PPR, and the exact starting lineup requirements that you have. That's why we built out 50 different draft sheets for you to use. No matter what your lineup is, no matter what your settings are, you should be able to find a draft sheet with your exact league settings and that can help you dominate your league with positional values this year and abuse how your league is set up. Now, that's already posted on flockfantasy.com. Again, if you're not already a member of the flock, we just dropped the cheapest offer that we've ever had. I don't know how long it's going to last because frankly I don't know if we're going to be profitable with it. But for only $34 you're actually going to get all the draft guides on flockfantasy.com. You're going to get all the weekly rankings, all the rest of season rankings updated all the way until January 1st. You'll get unlimited access to all the tools on the site including the trade calculator, tradefinder, range of outcomes, player comparison, and I will be answering your start sit questions and trade questions during the season. If you use promo code flock, I will leave the link to join flockfantasy.com in the description and comment section of this video. And again, it's only a onetime purchase fee of $34. You're not going to find a cheaper or better product on the fantasy football market this year because honestly, I don't know any sane person who would invest that much to only charge 34. But anyway, let's go down to tier two. Justin Jefferson would be a tier one player if it wasn't for the hamstring injury. Now, Jefferson's going to be sitting out until week one, they're saying that he's 100% going to be good to go week one. However, you look at the player right after him in these rankings with McAffrey. I think we all collectively have PTSD from kind of hearing the same reports regarding McCaffrey last year where we were told, "Yeah, he's not at training camp. Yeah, we're not going to see him till week one, but don't worry, he's going to be good." And then if you drafted McCaffrey in round one, ignoring all those warning signs, you probably lost your league. So, I understand that everybody wants to full-blown panic with Justin Jefferson, but in reality, you still have him as the most talented wide receiver in the league. Just some question marks surrounding the injury, as well as what you're sitting with. His quarterback play will be worse than Chase or Lamp. Now, going over and looking at McCaffrey, McAffrey's either been a league winner or he's been injured every season of his NFL career. You go back to when he was a rookie, he was the RB3 in points per game. Second year player, the RB2 in points per game. third-year player, the RB1. Um 2020 he gets injured. 2021 he gets injured. But then 2022 he's the RB2 and he wins me $150,000 on underdog. Um 2023 he's the RB1 and 2024 he gets injured. Now full transparency, if you're in an underdog draft and you are just shooting for the highest ceiling possible, this is the guy that you want to be taking. However, you have a very low floor due to the injury risk. So, if I'm on the clock in the flock league and all of a sudden I have to really stress about, oh my gosh, if this player goes down, I could lose this league, I could get dead last and be publicly humiliated there, I would be a little bit more nervous. And depending on your league settings, and you'll see this in those draft sheets, like if you could start up to four wide receivers and it's a full PPR format, you'll find that we actually move McCaffrey behind the wide receivers in a league like that. However, two wide receivers, one flex, I probably want CMC. We have Pugnikua. Here is the next guy. Puganua over four yards per route run last year. Insane. Almost a 30% team target share in year two. Despite only playing 62% of the snaps per game because he was injured, he was still the wide receiver. Three in points per game. The only concern that I have with Puka is not surrounding Devonte Adams. It's surrounding the Matthew Stafford back injury. Amra St. Brown gives you an incredibly high floor. Over the past three years, every season, he's been a top five wide receiver from a points per game perspective. And again, while the Lions offense does project to be worse this upcoming year, at the same time, they should still be borderline top five in the NFL according to Sportsbooks. Um, with them Joe Mixon injury and at the same time with his coaching staff sounding like they're not in love with Nick Chub, there's a chance that the Houston Texans have one of the highest passing rates over expectation of any team in the NFL this year. And looking at Nico Collins, he's averaged over three yards per route run over the past two seasons. And over the past two years, he's averaged over 17 fantasy points per game both years. So, super safe pick in round one. Um, Devon Achan is going to be a little bit of a bold take that I have to put him ahead of both Ashen Genty as well as Derrick Henry. But again, if you go ahead and you look at the player comparison for Han and games where Tua actually played, HN was the number one running back in the NFL with his targets per game and his receptions per game in games that Tua was in. And I'm going to be making these rankings for a full PPR format. Obviously, if you're playing half PPR or nonPPR, you're going to be making slight adjustments and you can find those adjustments in the draft guide sheets. Malik Neighbors will be our 12th player. I think Malik Neighbors could possibly be the third most talented wide receiver in the NFL or the fourth most at the very worst. Malik Neighbors is an elite level player in a much better talent in my opinion than names like Aman Ro St. Brown. The issue is if we're looking at Nico Collins, Aman Ra St. Brown, Puka Nua, they project to be in some of the better offenses in the NFL where right now sports books are projecting the New York Giants to be a bottom five offense yet again. And again, we've never seen a wide receiver be a top six player in a points per game perspective and a half PPPR format over the past 21 years if they are in a bottom five offense. So, um, I will take the other elite wide receivers that we have a long track record from ahead of Malik Neighbors given the fact that they'll be in much better offensive environments, but I do think Malik Neighbors is a better receiver and I'd be happy to take him at pick 12. Um, Ashton Genty, again, he is an elite level prospect. The only guys that we've seen be comparable to him as prospects were Bejon, Barkley, Ezekiel Elliott, maybe you throw Leonard Fornette on that list. And yes, Bejon disappointed in year one, but every other running back absolutely crushed where we can go back and we can look at Saquon Barkley and Ezekiel Elliott both being the running back ones overall in their rookie year. And I know a lot of people like the Raiders, but again, I'm going to trust sports books and they are projecting at the Raiders to be the sixth worst offense in the league. So, I'm going to go with Han in a better offense. Um, Brian Thomas elite rookie season where he actually had 16.71 points per game. And this is in a year in which you do have an injury to Dre Lawrence at the end of the season where Brian Thomas had to play some of this with M. Jones. Um Brock Bower is the best tight end rookie season that we've ever seen. He was the tight end three in points per game at 15.45. He can frankly outscore every other wide receiver that's getting drafted at behind him here. And for that reason, if you're in a league where you start two wide receivers, one flex, you'll see that I have Brock Bowers ranked aggressively highly. However, if you're in a league where you can start four wide receivers, five wide receivers, they the tight end percentage of your starting lineup is going to be a little bit smaller. So, we would move Brock Bowers slightly down these rankings. Um Derrick Henry obviously in our non-PR sheets in our halfPR sheets will be a lot higher than this. The issue with Derrick Henry is last year you had 11 receiving yards per game, 1.3 targets per game. The Baltimore Ravens had a great season, one of the better seasons that you could possibly project from them. And Dererick Henry has still only played 58% of the snaps, and this is going to be a running back that is at the very top of the NFL with active career touches, while at the same time at the very top of the NFL with his age. He showed no signs of slowing down whatsoever last year, and he was clearly an absolute smash. And I was an idiot to suggest that it would be a better idea to take Josh Jacobs later in your draft and pass on Derrick Henry early. Um, but realistically, I'm sorry. Uh, in a full PPR format, you're just going to see a cap ceiling overall that you may not have to deal with with some of these other players like Aan, who was just straight up batter at a much younger age and games that Tua played. Now, going over and looking at Drake London, London had the massive blowup at the end of the year with Michael Penn under center, but it was a super small sample. I don't think we can just go through and extrapolate that out. However, Drake London is still an incredibly young player. If you actually look at his age in comparison to a rookie this year and RJ Harvey, which maybe I'm picking on Harvey here, it is going to be pretty funny. He had 9.3 targets per game last year with a 29% team target share. Um AJ Brown in the Philadelphia Eagles passing offense will be a big bet I'm making on this season because what I think is while yes, AJ Brown fell from 17 points per game down to 16.68. He fell from the wide receiver seven to the wide receiver 13 in points per game. It was the worst possible scenario for AJ Brown and Dvont Smith last year where you did have the Philadelphia Eagles blowing out every single team and just being able to run the ball over and over and over again and be at the bottom of the NFL with their overall passing volume. I don't know if the Eagles are just going to be in blowout after blowout this year. So I could expect that we see more Jaylen Herz drop backs. Lad Mani phenomenal rookie season. He was the wide receiver 19 from a points per game perspective. And if you go over to flockfantasy.com and use that player comparison and look at Lad Mcconi in the first half of the year versus the second half of the year, you will see a massive difference between the two where Lad absolutely crushed in that second half. I'm going over and looking at Chase Brown. I recently had to move him up even higher in our rankings given the injury that we have to Zack Moss and Zach Moss getting cut by the Cincinnati Bengals. If we look at the second half of last year for Chase Brown, he was the running back three in total fantasy points. The running back three in points per game while at the same time you only have Taj Brooks added to this backfield this off seasonason. Top level athlete, great receiving back. Going over and looking at Jonathan Taylor. Honestly, maybe negative reports coming out of Indianapolis for Taylor given the fact that Anthony Richson looks to be the starting quarterback. I actually have Anthony Richson in some underdog drafts. So, I really hope that's going to be the case. But realistically, Anthony Richardson could have a lower checkdown rate than Daniel Jones would and Anthony Richardson could vulture some rushing touchdowns at the goal line. Um, Trey McBride here at the end of the second round will be an aggressive target of mine if you are looking at those draft sheets and you are drafting in a league that's maybe a 10 team format where you only start two wide receivers and one flex because getting an elite tight end in a format like that can separate you from the rest of the field. However, the more flex spots you add in, the more teams that are added into your league. All of a sudden, the more important the wide receiver position becomes. And it may be a little bit tougher to justify Trey McBride selection in round two. But he averaged 15.61 fantasy points per game last year while only having two touchdowns in the entire season. So, if he actually sees that bump up to about eight touchdowns this next year, Trey McBride could break fantasy football. Um, Josh Allen breaks fantasy football every single year. Josh Allen has not had a season with fewer than 22 fantasy points since 2019. Super safe pick. And with these onesie positions at quarterback, it's very similar to tight ends. If you're in a league where you only start two wide receivers, one flex, you will see that the quarterbacks are a lot higher in my rankings. Especially if you're in a nonPPR format and you're looking at those draft sheets, you will see that we are suggesting to aggressively draft Josh Allen and Lamar Jackson at the beginning of round two in those leagues where maybe you only start two wide receivers, one flex and it's non-PR because there are going to outscore the rest of the field and it's not even going to be remotely close. Lamar Jackson's right behind Josh Allen. We've seen a higher ceiling from Lamar Jackson from a points per game perspective. However, we've just seen the consistency of Allen where Allen has not played a season with fewer than 16 games since his rookie year in 2018. Going over and looking at Josh Jacobs, Marshon Lloyd's banged up. So, there's literally no competition whatsoever for Josh Jacobs this season. I think we could actually see the snap rate jump up where he played 63% of the snaps for the Green Bay Packers last year. And I wouldn't be surprised if that's higher this next season. Obviously, Bucky Irving was the league winning running back that everybody needed last year. The concern that we have is possible regression for the offense, especially the rushing offense with the left tackle injured and the change with the offensive coordinator. But Bucky Irving at the two-3 turn, great pick, especially if you're in a league where you only start two receivers in one flex. However, in a league like the Flock League where it's a 12 team format, full PPR, and I can start up to four wide receivers weekly, I may actually be pushing up these wide receivers in this range such as Tyreek Hill, T. Higgins and Jackson Smith and Jigba Tyreek Hill. We had a massive massive falloff from 23 points per game down to 12.8 points per game from 2023 to 2024. The hope is that this fall-off could be excused away given the Tyreek Hill injuries as well as the injury 22 attack of Aloa. However, if you think that this is just because Tyreek Hill's lost the step and we are just making excuses for Tyreek, he could be a very clear red flag at the two-3 turn. It is a benefit to him, however, that Johnny Smith was traded away because this is going to be an extremely concentrated offense, but with only Tyreek Wadd as well as Achan and sports books are projecting it to be an average offense this season. Um, Tiggins absolutely crushed last year wide receiver six from a points per game perspective, but at the same time, Tiggins has never played a fully healthy season. Even if you go back to the season that he supposedly played 17 games in 2022, you'll see in week one, 27% of the snaps. Week five, 19% of the snaps. Week 14, 2% of the snaps. So really, he was even injured. Then what makes it even worse is you put the dude in your starting lineup and you got absolutely nothing from him. So when Higgins is on the field, I mean, you should expect that he potentially is a top 12 wide receiver given how much passing volume's available in Cincinnati. The issue is you just don't know if you can rely on him. And then Jackson Smith and Jigba, you have the massive breakout which is very rare to see from a wide receiver that was that bad as a rookie where he was the wide receiver 54 in points per game in 2023. But that jumps to wide receiver 20 this past season. Now you have no DK Mechaf, you have no Tyler Lockett. While yes, Cooper Cups coming in. And I understand that a lot of people are worried about Sam Darnold. It's not like sports books are projecting the Seattle Seahawks to be a much worse offense this year than they were a year ago. So in reality, I think JSN's going to continue that upwards trajectory, especially for an elite wide receiver prospect that if you go back to his days at Ohio State, he was actually the number one wide receiver ahead of Chris Lave and ahead of Garrett Wilson on that team plus Marvin Harrison Jr. and JSN was a sophomore at the time with Garrett Wilson being a junior and Chris Ave being a senior. Now, one of the biggest risers that we've had in our rankings as of late is Amari and Hampton. And this will be a player that we are going to have to continuously update with. You will see the next time we send out those draft sheets and we update them. If we get news that Naji Harris is out for the year, which this point it could be trending that direction. We still don't have a timetable. Amari Hampton for me will jump up to where Josh Jacobs and Bucky Irving are in these rankings because he checks every single box. He has the size to be a bellcow. He had the receiving skill set in college. He displayed elite athleticism at the NFL combine. He gets the round one NFL draft capital. He's running behind a top offensive line and what should be a very good offense with a very good quarterback. So, Hampton checks literally every single box you need to see. He's the guy at training camp right now getting in the reps while Naji Harris is having to deal with the fact that he is now a Cyclops. So, um, Hampton could move up even higher, but at the same time, if Naji is back at training camp, I would expect to maybe slide Amari and Hampton down to the bottom of this tier. Marvin Harrison Jr. will be our next guy. I completely understand that every single person is just expecting a natural jump from Harrison, similar to what we had with Jackson Smith and Jigba from year 1 to year two. Yes, Harrison put on a decent amount of weight, but Harrison's issue last year wasn't really winning at the catch point. Harrison's issue last year was kind of having speed and creating separation. So, I don't necessarily know if putting on a bunch of weight is going to help that. He was an elite prospect, so I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt, of course, but I think Trey McBride could straight up outscore. I mean, Trey McBride plays at tight ends. Um, going over to running back will have Kairen Williams. Yes, we just made that video talking about don't draft Kairen Williams in round two of your draft. Draft Chase Brown in round three instead. Clearly, you'll see in our rankings, yes, I am very, very much in on Chase Brown. Um, with Kairen though, we talked about in that video him being a fine pick. He's the only running back in the NFL that has averaged over 80% of his team snaps over the past two years. Aka Karen Williams over the past two seasons has really been the only Bellcow running back in the NFL. If you don't believe me, pull up Kairen Williams in the player comparison on flockfantasy.com. Compare him to Bejian Robinson. Compare him to Derk Henry. Compare him to who? Saquon Barkley, whoever the hell you want. But he's not going to catch the ball out of the backfield. And they add in Dark West Hunter. Um, every single person absolutely loves Devonte Adams this year as well. My hesitation, if we are going to be looking at Adams, is this is a receiver that is going to be on his third NFL team over the past two years and he's about to turn 33 years old. So, um, there are some reasons to be concerned. You've also seen the fall-off with his yards per route run where you go back to the last time we had an elite Nvante Adams season. That was 2022 where he was up at 2.59. And over the past two years, you've been at 2.03 and 2.08. Plus, you add in the Matthew Stafford injury. Plus, you add in the fact that I think Pukanua is the absolute alpha here will be a concern. Looking at Jaden Daniels, insane what we had at the second half of last year. Again, use the player comparison on flockfantasy.com. Look at Jaden Daniels in the first half of the season versus the second half of the season and see exactly the kind of leap that you had. Um, obviously, you had the Terry McLaren contract situation at the moment, but in reality, I think that they're just going to get that figured out. They're going to get that solved. I'd be very surprised if you don't have Terry McLaren in Washington this year. Um Garrett Wilson at 35, good player, but the highest he's ever finished is wide receiver 21. And while Justin Fields may be an improvement from a real life perspective over some of the quarterbacks that Garrett Wilson's played with throughout his entire NFL career, from a passing volume perspective, um right now you actually have the New York Jets projected out to have the lowest passing volume in the entire NFL. So, I think Justin Fields can be decent because Justin Fields can run the ball. But Garrett Wilson's not going to get points if Justin Fields tucks it and runs. Now, I know every single person when they talk about Garrett Wilson is going to go, "Oh, did you know Justin Fields was his quarterback at Ohio State? Oh, did you know what Justin Fields did with that one season with DJ Moore?" So, I understand what y'all are going to say in the comment section. But in reality, looking at the projections of the overall passing environment, I can't be so certain. I'm going to put James Cook here at RB14. I do think that the rushing touchdowns are going to come down dramatically. His carries inside the 5yard line jump from 0.3 as a secondyear player up to 0.9 in year two. His rushing touchdowns jumped from four in his first 34 games up to 16 in the last 16 games he's played in. I'm not saying that he's going to go back to what he was as a rookie or a secondyear player, but I do think you could see James Cook kind of fall back to earth just a bit and meet himself in the middle over the past two years. And I think that the Buffalo Bills probably have a few more passing touchdowns and rushing touchdowns this year. Going over and looking at George KD, the Titan won from a points per game perspective last year. While at the same time, you have Ricky Persaw banged up. You have Jawan Jennings banged up this training camp. You have Brandon Aayuk with no timetable. So, all the wide receivers are question marks at the moment in San Francisco and this projects out to be a top five offense according to sports book. So, somebody has to score points and I think it's probably going to be KD. He's just pretty old. Um, Jaylen Herz right now is a top five player that I've invested into in underdog fantasy drafts. Right now, you can get Jaylen Herz with a four or five turn in your underdog drafts. And in my opinion, that is the best quarterback value in the board and it's not even really close. which is why I cannot stop taking the dude. Obviously, we are still doing our underdog fantasy football drafts every single night on the live stream. I would love to draft with you. They're actually dropping flock fantasy tournaments on underdog in August. Just make sure you're subscribed and come out to the live stream every night where we'll be drafting. But Jaylen Herz over the past four seasons has averaged at least 20 points per game every single year. Jaylen Herz at the same time has played at least 15 games every single year of his NFL career. So the ceiling that you have go back to 2022 he averaged 25 points per game and the floor you have he's a top five quarterback. So absolutely love taking Jayen Herz with where he goes. Bree Hall. We are getting reports coming out of New York that um this new coaching staff's going to want to carry over the Detroit backfield split that they had with Gibbs and McGomery potentially with Bree Hall and Brilen Allen where Bree should be the receiving back. Brilland Allen maybe gets the short yardage stuff. So with those recent reports, I've had to move Bree Hall behind James Cook and Amari and Hampton in our ranks. Going over and looking at Xavier Worthy, I know I cannot stop talking about this dude. I know you think that he's a gadget player and blah blah blah. My point is, he improved as his rookie season went on. He's a 21-year-old round one NFL draft pick attached to arguably the best passing quarterback in the entire NFL at the moment. So, with that in mind, I am not too too concerned about Rasheed Rice taking everything in this offense. I think that there will be plenty of room for both receivers. And also, I wouldn't be that surprised if we end up getting Mahomes back to 300 passing yards per game at some point in his NFL career. Again, looking at Terry McLaren, you have the best year of his NFL career with 15.75 points this past season with Jaden Daniels. However, the targets per game, the receptions per game, the snap rate, the yards per out run, the yards per target, the target share in the offense, literally everything stayed the same. The only difference is he scored more touchdowns. So, I wouldn't be surprised if the touchdown rate comes back down just slightly. And very similar to James Cook, he kind of meets his historical average and his 2024 season somewhere in the middle. But at the same time, if I absolutely love Jaden Daniels, you kind of have to draft Terry McLaren. Going over and looking at Mike Evans, I would typically say with a wide receiver this old, oh, we're going to expect natural fall-off. But over the past three years, he has improved his yards per route run every single season. He has improved his fantasy points per game every single season from 15.03 to 16.6 to 17.1 and his yards per route run from 1.9 to 2.38 to 2.44. Yes, they drafted Buuka in round one of the NFL draft this season. Yes, he's a phenomenal prospect, but at the same time, he really plays that Godwin type role in this offense where he doesn't profile to be the next Mike Evans. Um, looking at Kenneth Walker, Kenneth Walker had his best year of his NFL career last year with 16.47 points per game. Um, actually got used as a receiver a lot more. The issue is I think people are worried about Sam Darnold's so they are giving him that discount. DK Medaf had the second worst season of his NFL career this past year with 12.75 points per game. Um DK Medaf has finished higher than wide receiver 20 once in his NFL career and that was back in 2020. Right now the Pittsburgh Steelers project to be the seventh worst offense in the NFL according to sports books. So for me, um, looking at Medaf, I understand the contract. I understand the theoretical talent, but he is a much better real life receiver than he's ever been for fantasy football purposes. Dvont Smith last year was a disappointment because the Philadelphia Eagles never threw the ball. But despite Dvont Smith being a quote unquote disappointment, he still averaged more points per game with 15.34 than he had ever done in his NFL career. So I don't necessarily know what you want from the dude. 2.22 yards per route run, 28% team target share, one of the most talented wide receivers in the NFL, and there's no way the Philadelphia Eagles throw the ball less this year than they did last year. Now, going over and looking at T McMillan. No, we're not supposed to call him that, but I'm sorry T, you don't get to pick your own nicknames. Your friends do that for you, and I'm your best friend. um looking at this elite wide receiver prospect and I know a lot of people are excited about the Bryce Young step forward that he showed at the end of last year but still if we do take a step backwards and look at the entirety of Bryce Young's career so far he is still on the trajectory to be a bad quarterback at the NFL level and I don't know how excited I am about the Panthers landing spot but he is an elite wide receiver prospect that realistically could be an alpha target year one going over and looking at DJ Moore this new coaching staff has been raving about Roma Adunce. Everybody is saying that Rome looks like he is the true wide receiver one in Chicago. Now, I have some questions surrounding that. Um, obviously the offense should arguably be the most improved offense in the NFL from 2024 to 2025. But with that in mind, they also grab Lovelind and Luther Bird in Rome going into year two. So, I'm not the most excited about TJ Moore. If your league is very trade happy, I would honestly draft Alvin Kamara a lot earlier than this. And if you go over to flockfantasy.com, you'll see that the expert average ranking actually has Alvin Kamara at 41.5. So the other creator rankings on the site, which again, you can access if you're a member of the flock, and we just dropped that deal for only $34. I can't guarantee that that's available for you forever, but for now, it is. um you'll see that they are much higher on Alvin Kamara. I'm a little concerned with Kamar, the fact that if we look over the past few years, he's historically started off strong and then by the time you get to the fantasy football playoff stretch, you've had him scale back with his production. Now he's another year older in the New Orleans Saints project to be the second worst offense in the entire NFL. So if you're in a trade happy league, you can get elite point per game production from Kamar at the beginning of the season, especially in a full PBR format and then potentially sell them near the middle of the year. I would draft Alvin Kamar earlier than round four. Um, Chubber will be our next guy. Chubber career year last year, running back 13. Every single week I was making a clown, making a fool of myself going on to sell high videos saying like, "Oh, Jonathan Brooks is coming. This is going to turn into a running back by committee. Sell Chuba Hubard." And the dude only got better as the year went on where over the past I mean the last six weeks he was averaging over 80% of the snaps. Uh, the offense should be improved this next year in Carolina. We definitely saw that at the end of last season, but I still don't think it's going to be a great offense. And they do bring in two running backs with Rico Dow and Trevor ETN this off seasonason. Um, Courtland Sutton has a career year with 14.14 fantasy points per game in 2024. Now, with that being said, I don't see how this gets worse in 2025. I'm not worried about Pat Bryant. I guess you have Evan Ingram coming in, but realistically, like, are we that worried about a tight end that just got cut from his previous team? So, Sutton should be the alpha wide receiver, one target for a quarterback going into year two that showed a ton of promise as a rookie. Um, Jaylen Wadd will be our next guy. Waddle had the worst year of his NFL career, and it wasn't even remotely close last season. Obviously, a lot of this had to do with the Tua injury, but Waddle wasn't even startable once Tua got back. I was not going to be drafting Wadd this year until we ended up getting the Jonnu Smith trade where Jonnu getting sent out of Miami and really only allowing Tua to target Waddle. Tyreek Achan makes me a lot more excited about him. Looking at Jameson Williams, you get the massive breakout in 2024 where he jumps from being the wide receiver 65 to the wide receiver 26. You have a ton of positive buzz coming out of camp about Jameson. Now, my one concern again is I think that he is going to be a better real life receiver than he would be from a fantasy perspective given his field stretching tendencies. Looking at Rasheed Rice, Rasheed Rice was elite last year while healthy and he looks to be fully healthy this season. Rice's ranking is going to be subject to change a ton. If he ends up getting hit with like an 8 to 10 game suspension, I would be moving this down. If he ends up getting hit with a suspension of only four games, he could probably jump two tiers in my rankings. Um, Joe Burrow will be our next quarterback. Um, I think honestly I probably got to move Joe Burrow down these ranks just a bit considering the fact that we've been doing a ton of just reddraft mock drafts on flockfantasy.com as of late. And I've noticed that if you pass on the elite quarterbacks, you can just get like Jordan Love, Justin Herbert with your last two picks. So middle rounds, I don't know if we want to be taking like the Joe Burrow, Baker Mayfield, or Patrick Mahomes types. Um, Trevion Henderson, RJ Harvey will be our next two backs. Um, I know that we just made the video saying like, don't draft RJ Harvey, just get Trevon Henderson in the next round. I still stand by that, but realistically, both running backs should be in a good offenses this year. Both running backs have limited competition, and both running backs did just get round two in NFL draft capital and a very good running back draft class. So, I definitely prefer Trevan Henderson over R.J. Harvey for all the reasons we said in the previous video, but at the same time, I wouldn't fault you for drafting either. Tier nine, James Connor is going to be leading us off. And with Connor, obviously he was my running back won in the Flock League last year. He led us to getting a buy and then whoever's editing this video right now knocked us out in the playoffs. But regardless, I am a little concerned that he is now another year older. We have the extensive injury history. Trey Benson, who is the running back two in last year's draft class, I would expect to have a slightly larger role this year, and I would be a little concerned just with overall regression given the age for Connor. Um, our next wide receivers, Calvin Ridley is going to be in a much worse offense than George Pickins and Zay Flowers. And for that reason, I probably need to move Pickkins ahead of him. Um, Travis Hunter, I understand, is probably going to be the most polarizing player in fantasy football this year. He is having a ton of success in camp, but he is playing both on the offensive and defensive side of the ball at the moment. And if you are looking at Travis Hunter in round five, if he plays a considerable amount of defensive snaps this year, he's going to be a bad pick. Um, Roma Dunce, I know a lot of people are pegging as the next Jackson Smith and Jigba as a wide receiver that had a poor rookie year, but it's destined to blow up in year two. In reality, a lot of times these guys have poor rookie seasons. It sets them down a path where it's not the best to be buying low on them, and you'd rather just buy high on the guys that had strong rookie seasons, but he's getting phenomenal reports out of Chicago at the moment. Tier 10, we are going to have Caleb Johnson at RB22 is getting positive buzz coming out of Pittsburgh. um a running back that's probably not going to be a super viable receiving option. I definitely like him a lot more with Rogers in town than we would have with Mason Rudolph because they should have more trips to the red zone. Um DeAndre Swift looks to be the three down running back at this point behind a much improved Chicago offensive line with a much improved coaching staff with hopefully an improved quarterback going into year two. I don't necessarily think DeAndre Swift's a special talent. However, um David McGomery, we are getting reports that Jir Gibbs is going to be taking more and more of this backfield. So, there's a chance I end up having to move Montgomery behind Pacheco, behind Addison. Addison's going to be a riser for me given the Justin Jefferson hamstring injury just because if there's a 10% chance that this injury flares up for Jefferson during the year, Jordan Addison could turn into a high-end wide receiver, too, in fantasy. Um, Tony Pard should be in a much better offense this year if we were going to be looking at Cam Ward over Will Levvice, but the offense still does project to be bottom five in the NFL. And then Sam Leaporta, if you look at the second half of his second season in comparison to the first half, it was much, much better, which leads me to believe that there is an outside chance that Leaporta was just dealing with a pretty bad injury near the end of the year. But I think that's all I have for you. And again, I would highly recommend you understand how to adjust these rankings to your exact league settings and the exact league that you are playing in. Which is why we made those 50 draft guide cheat sheets that take into account the platform you're playing on, the amount of teams in your league, your exact scoring settings, and your exact starting lineup settings. That way, you can have the best set of rankings and the best draft guide cheat sheet to take to your actual draft this year, which is what I'll be doing in the Flock League. You have all of that plus all the draft guides from all the other creators on flockfantasy.com, plus all the rest of season and weekly rankings and tiers updated every week during the season. until January 1st. Trade calculator, tradefinder, all the tools on the site for only a one-time payment of $34 on flockfantasy.com. I will leave that link in the description and comment section. And again, if you use promo code flock, I will also be answering your start set questions and your trade questions for you during the year. But I really appreciate you. really hope that you consider being a member of the flock and really hope we end up turning a profit with
