Title: Top 100 Rankings & Tiers - 2025 Fantasy Football

This is the largest tier list that we've ever made on YouTube. So, if you're going to ever subscribe and hit the like button, do it for the editor right now. Okay. Tier one, we are going to start it off with Jamar Chase at the one slot. And the only way I would not take Jamar is if you're drafting like a 10 team league where you only start two wide receivers, one flex where wide receivers that we'll talk about later in this video like Ibuka are super easy to come by there. Maybe you push up the running backs like Bejian Robinson, Saquon Barkley, Jamir Gibbs. They will be my next three players. Yes, we are going to have Bejian Robinson as our running back one. If you go through and you just take a little sneak peek at what Bean Robinson did in the final nine weeks of this past year, you will see that he averaged 21.3 points per game. If you look at what Bejian Robinson did in 2023, in the first eight weeks of this second season, you'll see that that was down at 15.5. So, while yes, it took Bean Robinson a little bit of time to get going in his NFL career, at this point, Bejian Robinson is a running back that is in his prime, that is coming off a top three finish in the second half of the season that played 79% of the snaps in that stretch. That was sixth in the NFL. 20 rushing attempts per game, that was third in the NFL according to flockfantasy.com. Fourth in rushing yards per game, fourth in total touchdowns per game, fourth in total yards per game. So, just a true Bcow running back that we can be really excited about. But to go over and look at what we are going to have with our next guy, we are going to be putting Saquon Barkley. Now, with Barkley, I'm sure you already saw, but if you have not done so already, look up the Flock League on YouTube. You can see my fantasy football draft from this year. I took Saquon Barkley at pick six. I was super excited to get him at that cost. And I would expect you're not going to see him go that late in your fantasy draft because this past year, Saquon Barkley was the number one running back when it comes to just points per game. He was sitting at 22 points per contest. And if you actually look at the rushing touchdowns that you had from Jaylen Herz, Jaylen Herz was actually up at the very top of the NFL with a total of 14 rush TDs because Barkley kept getting tackled at the one. So, while maybe the big rush attempts, the big long runs for Barkley regress a bit, at the end of the day, if he doesn't get tackled on the one as much, he could actually have a higher ceiling. Now, one thing that's a little concerning is if you go to the range of outcomes on flockfantasy.com and you put in Saquon Barkley, a lot of times you'll see that these age 27 running backs, they do get worse at age 28, which again is why I'm going to be putting Barkley behind Bejon. And I'm not going to fault you at all if you wanted to put Jamir Gibbs ahead of Saquon Barkley. If you're just using what we have with the range of outcomes tool, you'll see that Jir Gibbs does historically have a better range of outcomes than Saquon Barkley because you don't see the same massive drop off a lot of times from the 22-year-old running back going into his age 23 season. Now, with that being said, the situations are maybe a little bit worse for Jir Gibbs. While it's the same for Saquon Barkley because you have the center retiring, you have the offensive coordinator change. Yes, Montgomery is another year older. Yes, they may feature Jir Gibbs just a bit more. So, I understand if you wanted to start your draft off with him, but I'm going to be going Barkley personally. And then with CD Lamb, I know we keep referencing this, but if you go and look at the player comparison on flogfantasy.com and you actually look at what we have with CD Lamb's games over the past two years, when Dak Prescott played in comparison to Jamar Chase's games over the past two year, when you add Joe Burrow, you can actually see that CD Lamb is putting out the same exact output as Jamar Chase. Now, this year you have George Piggins in town, so it is going to be a little bit tougher with the competition. And then I am going to move Justin Jefferson back into tier one. Last time we made a wide receiver or an overall rankings tier list. We had Justin Jefferson to kick off the second tier, but Jefferson's back at practice, so that's no longer a concern. Now the only issue is we just don't know what McCarthy is going to look like. Now going over to tier two, this going to be a very large tier. Now you can take these guys in whatever order you want. I'm going to be putting McCaffrey at seven. I am higher on McAffrey than the other experts on flockfantasy.com where he has an average ranking there of about 10 or 11, but I'm fine with you taking him at the very top of this tier. Just make sure you're not taking him in front of any of the top six options. With McAffrey through his NFL career, it's either been he won you your league or he lost you. We go and look at 2017 he was the RB3. 2018 the RB2. 2019 the RB1. Um 2020 averaged 30 points per game but got injured. 2021 he was the RB4 but he got injured so he lost you those two years but then 2022 the RB23 the RB1 and I know a lot of people want to say like oh my gosh well um Derrick Henry has some crazy upside blah blah blah Derrick Henry just posted the best year of his NFL career this past season and he averaged 19.8 8 points per game. And if you actually compare this to what you have with Saquon Barkley from 2023, Barkley in 2023 was up at 24 a half. So just realistically speaking, you don't have anywhere close to the same ceiling that you're going to get with Barkley with another running back like Derrick Henry in a full PPR format. Now, obviously, if you're not playing in a full PPR league, you need to make some adjustments. You're going to be moving up players like Derrick Henry. If you're in a nonPR format, you're going to be moving up the quarterbacks. And also, you need to be making micro adjustments to these rankings depending on if you're going to be drafting in a 10 team league or a 12 team league. Are you drafting in a league with one flex spot or two flex spots? Now, if you don't know how to make those adjustments, don't worry. I have you covered because I made 50 custom draft sheets for you to use. And they are going to cover almost every league format. They are going to be covering every platform. And on top of that, they were just updated today on Friday. They're updated every Friday until the season starts. So, if you want to get access to those, plus the range of outcomes tool, the trade calculator, the my teams page, the trade finder, the player comparison, the updated W rankings during the week, both rest of season and weekly. It's all on flockfantasy.com. Plus, you get so much other cool information from other creators on the side as well. And not only is your decision to join the flock going to be the number one thing that wins you your league this year, but it's also going to be the cheapest decision that you can make as well, where it's only a $34 onetime payment, not even a subscription. And if you use code flock, I'm going to be answering your start questions and your trade questions in the live streams that we do every night during the year. You can find a link to that in the description and the comment section. Now, Amanra St. Brown will be my next receiver. I was shocked to see Amanra St. Brown fall to the second round of the flock league draft and honestly I believe Thomas took him there and he just got an incredible value because you go through and you look at what amra St. Brown has managed through his NFL career. You have just had consistency from him over the past three seasons at least being a wide receiver 10. Over the past two years he's been at least a top five wide receiver both seasons. You look at him in the range of outcomes tool and you can see that he was only 25 years old. So now he's going into his age 26 season and you know at a very similar age 25 year to Ammon St. Brown. It was Calvin Johnson. Calvin Johnson averaged 17.8 points per game at 25 years old. A Monro at 18.6. You know what Calvin Johnson did the following year? 22 points per game. Dez Bryant had a very similar season. You know what Dez Bryant did the following season? He averaged 19.75 points per game. So Amamra is in his prime. He has a phenomenal role in this offense. the offense should regress a bit, which is why he's not a tier one player for me, but still super excited. Now, let's go ahead and let's look at Ashen Genty. And I completely understand everybody's going to remember Bejian Robinson's rookie season, and they're naturally going to be scared to draft the rookie. Now, what we can do on flockfantasy.com is go over to the prospects page, and I can show you the only prospects to grade out with a FSE grade of 88 or higher was Ezekiel Elliott, Leonard Fornette, Ashton Genty, CMC, Bejan Robinson, Saquon Barkley. Saquon Barkley as a rookie was the running back one overall. You have Ezekiel Elliott as a rookie being the running back one overall. You had Christian McAffrey as a rookie being the RB3 overall. The only running back that was disappointing that was as good of a prospect as Ashen Genty was Bejian Robinson. And Bejian turned out to be elite the second season. Just took him a little bit of time. The only concern that I have with Genty is not that he's a rookie. I mean, I know that he is an absolute monster at football. The only concern that I have is the Raiders offense. Now, Nico Collins is also an absolute monster and it looks like CJ Strad's going to have no other option but to just throw the ball over and over and over again given all the injuries that you have in Houston. Um, you had Nico Collins over the past two seasons averaging 17 points per game both years. We go ahead and put Nico Collinsson in the player comparison tool. You can see that he had a very similar year this past year at 25 years old to Dearius Thomas in 2012 and Dearius Thomas the following season averaged 20 points per game. Um AJ Brown uh followed up his age 25 season with 17 points per game and they looked very similar. And if we're actually going to look at the situation this next year, if anything, it's really strong where you just have rookie competition and like Christian Kirk in the slot. Puka is an absolute crusher. I actually may need to move Pukanukua ahead of Nico Collins because Matthew Stafford's back at practice. Pukanukua, best rookie wide receiver season of all time. Follows that up with him averaging four yards per out run this past year. Obviously, the snap rate was down because he got injured, but ultimately at the end of the day, he still demonstrated the elite level ceiling. I am way more concerned about Matthew Stafford's back than I would be of the addition of Devonte Adams. I mean, there are going to be enough wide receiver points to go around here perfectly fine for both guys, assuming Matthew Stafford's fully healthy. And Puka Nua's 2024 season looks very similar to what CD Lamb did in 2022 at 23 years old. And the following season, CD Lamb averaged 23 points per game. Now, going over to our next option, we are going to have Malik Neighbors. A Malik Neighbors, in my opinion, is the third or fourth most talented wide receiver in the NFL. The only reason I'm going to have him down here at wide receiver 7 is if you're looking at sports books, they are currently projecting out the Giants to be a bottom five offense in the league. And we have all that data posted on the site. Just go to the recent post section and then hit season long player props. But with Malik Neighbors, if we do end up getting this offense saved by Jackson Dart, obviously as the ceiling to finish as wide receiver one, the offense has to be a lot better though. Then let's move over to Brian Thomas. Brian Thomas was the wide receiver 12 last year in points per game. He was the wide receiver four in total points per game. And keep in mind, this dude was legitimately a rookie. Not only was he a rookie, but he got better as the season went on, which is 100% what you want to be seeing from these guys. And if we go through and we look at Brian Thomas's best comparable rookie seasons since the year 2008, you had Jamar Chase, AJ Green, Julio Jones, Michael Thomas, Chris Ave, Mike Evans, Keenan Allen, Lad Mcconkey, and Malik Neighbors. You should have Travis Hunter playing a considerable amount. That is true, but at the same time, frankly, it may not matter. I'm going over and looking at Derrick Henry. Dererick Henry in a nonPR format is way higher in these rankings. Derrick Henry in a nonPBR format is tier one. In a half PPR format, he jumps the receivers. So, obviously, make sure you're using the draft sheets on the site to make those adjustments for your exact league settings. Um Derrick Henry posted the best um season that he's had in quite some time this past year at 19.74 points per game. But at the same time, realistically speaking, you are looking at a running back that's going to be turning, I want to say, 32 years old in January. And at the same time, there can be natural aggression, not even given his age, given the potential step back from the Baltimore Ravens if they're not as good as they were. But not going to fault you for taking Derrick Henry as early as seven. Just for the love of God, don't take him at the top six unless you're playing in a nonPR league. Um, and then Devon Han, I actually used to have over Derk Henry, but with Han dealing with the calf injury, I think it's easy to just move them to the bottom of this tier because all these players in this tier are so close for me that if somebody's injured versus somebody's healthy, I just probably prefer the healthy guy. Now going over looking at Brock Bowers to kick off tier three for us. This is very very dependent on your exact league settings. Brock Bowers averaged 15.45 points per game which wasn't that far off than like Brian Thomas and you're getting these points at tight end. Now at the same time a lot of people are speculating that Gino Smith is actually going to be a better quarterback for Brock Bowers here. Now the Michael Mayer usage in the preseason may be a little bit of a concern but ultimately at the end of the day Brock Bowers is the best tight end in the NFL. Not even remotely close. this tight end that as a rookie came through and averaged 2.25 yards per route run, had a 26% team target share, ran 31 routes a game. There's literally no hesitation in saying he's elite. Now, going over and looking at Chase Brown, I'm going to pray to God that Brian Robinson does not end up in Cincinnati to split this backfield because for now, this depth chart is a wasteland beyond Chase Brown. If we go ahead and we look at the player comparison tool on flogfantasy.com and we put in Chase Brown's first eight weeks in comparison to what you add with Chase Brown in the final eight weeks of this past season, you will see that Chase Brown once Zack Moss went down turned into that legit league winning running back. In weeks 10 through 17, Chase Brown actually went out there and he averaged 19.8 points per game. He was a top three running backs in targets per game, in receiving yards per game, in his snap rate, and at the same time, he was right up there, top five in his rushing attempts inside the five yard line. So, this is a good offense. Chase Brown has everything at the goal line. He has everything as a receiver. There's nothing else that you could ask for. Going over and looking at Bucky Irving, Bucky Irving actually went very early in the flock league. I know Zach wanted to go get his guy and I'm not going to fault him for it either because same thing if we want to go over and we want to look at Bucky Irving with that player comparison tool and look at him in the first say eight weeks verse the second half of the season you will see that very similar to Chase Brown this was the other elite level running back that you needed and at the same time you have Rashad White banged up this led to them just giving Buck Irving legitimately every single snap with the starters in the preseason they've came out and they've said that they believe that he can handle a larger workload and yeah if you're Looking at the second half of the year for him, you actually can see jumps up to 79 rushing yards per game, 29 receiving yards per game, 108 total yards per game weeks 9 through 17. And then our next two wide receivers are going to be Drake London and AJ Brown. Now, full transparency, if you were playing in a 12 team double flex format where we want to be building around wide receiver, I would be pushing both Drake London and AJ Brown ahead of the running backs and Brock Bowers to the very top of this tier. But I'm going to be making this rankings list as if you're playing in a two wide receiver single flex format. Because as I'm reviewing teams that y'all send to me on fogg fantasy.com every single day, the more and more I realize that the average person watching this video is playing in a league with two wide receivers, one flex. Um, both wide receivers were phenomenal this past season. Drake London finished as wide receiver 14. Um, AJ Brown finishedes wide receiver 13. I actually think the Philadelphia Eagles may end up throwing the ball a bit more this year, but obviously we're going to expect the natural aggression for London. A lot of people are going to be super excited about the splits with Michael Penn. I would just warn that it was a very small sample if you're doing that. Going over and looking at Jonathan Taylor, I actually think that Jonathan Taylor gets a bump up with Daniel Jones being the starting quarterback for the Indianapolis Colts. Not because I think that all of a sudden the Colts are a 10 times better team. No, in reality, I think they're probably going to be bad either way, but Anthony Richardson would have had a low checkown rate and Anthony Richardson would have stealing rushing touchdowns at the goal line. Daniel Jones will probably be willing to dump the ball off a little bit more and Daniel Jones will not take the same amount of rushing TDs. So, that is good news for Jonathan Taylor. Going over and looking at Josh Jacobs, I mean, we are seeing every single year of his NFL career besides the Raiders in 2023, he was a top 12 running back in fantasy. Every single year of his NFL career besides the Raiders in 2023, or honestly include them, he's played at least 13 games. So Josh Jacobs has maintained um the ability to be available for you essentially every single week and he's just given you an incredibly high floor across the board. Going over looking at Trey McBride, if you're playing in a double flex format, you're going to be moving Trey McBride down behind a lot of the receivers and a lot of the running backs that are ranked after him. However, in a single flex league, you should be incentivized to build around that elite tight end, to build around those elite level quarterbacks and get them in your lineup. That way you don't have to take some of those landmines in the middle rounds. So we're gonna have Trey McBride, Josh Allen, and Lamar Jackson here at 23 through 25. And I would also be very excited about these players in 10 team draft formats, eight team draft formats. But again, the deeper that you get, like if it's a 12 team format, 14 team league, and you're adding in additional flexes there, that's when you'd pivot over to the wide receivers and running backs. We have this all laid out in the draft sheets for you. But going over and looking at Lad Makoni at 26, Alad Makoni looks like he is set up to absolutely crush. Trey Harris is dealing with a small injury right now. The big Q is questionable for week one given the concussion he had in the preseason. The addition of Keenan Allen's going to scare me off lad just a bit. For that reason, I will take the elite quarterbacks and the elite tight ends over him. But ultimately, Lad set up to crush even if the offensive line looks a little worse than we thought it was going to. And then Karen Williams at the same time looks to be a three down Bellcal. I mean, the extension is super encouraging for Kairen. That is something that we really did want to see. If you look over the past 2 years on flockfantasy.com and look at Kairen Williams' snap rate in comparison to the other Bellcow level running backs, you will see that Karen Williams is one of the true threeown workhorse running backs in the league. Going over and looking at Amarian Hampton, he my opinion, if it wasn't for Ashen Genty, he would be viewed consensusly as an elite running back prospect. He has the size to be a Bellcow. He demonstrated the Bellcow ability in college. He's a great receiving back. He had elite athleticism at the NFL combine. And at the same time, he gets the round one NFL draft capital. Every single box you would potentially want to see from a rookie running back. Amari and Hampton checks it as a prospect. Now, the thing that we have to be concerned with is does this Chargers offense go downhill with their offensive line going from a top three unit in the NFL to now average with the best tackle that they had going down. So, I'm going to slide Hampton down just a bit. If Naji ends up being anything at all, I would personally probably move um Hampton to the bottom of this tier, the tier below. Looking at Tiggins, I took Tiggins in the flock league this year. I absolutely love the value I got. My league is a double flex 12 team full PBR format. I really wanted to build around receivers. He averaged 18 and a half points per game this past season. Now obviously that looks to be much higher than what you had two years ago when he was at 11 and a half, three years ago when he was at 13. But the reality of the situation is Tigens plays a lot of these weeks where I mean he goes out there for 40% of the snaps clearly injured and for whatever reason just trying to make it work and then that drags down his actual game averages. But if you just played him when he's fully healthy, he crushes. Going over and looking at Mike Evans, we had to move Mike Evans up. Godwin's not coming back till October. Jaylen McMillan is not coming back maybe till November. And Mike Evans since the year 2016 has not had a single season where he did not average a top 12 wide receiver finish. And at the same time, since 2016, Mike Evans has played at least 14 games every year of his NFL career. So I think Evans is set up to absolutely crush. He had to be a big-time riser for us. I am obviously a little concerned and a little hesitant given the fact he was drafted in 2014. I mean, this dude was in the same draft class as Sammy Watkins, Allen Robinson, Odell Beckham Jr., Brandon Cooks, Devonte Adams and him are like the only two guys that are left from that. So, obviously age is going to eventually catch up to him. Jackson Smith and Jigma is a wide receiver that's actually on the rise where Evans we should assume is going to be on the fall at some point. Um, but with JSN, definitely really like him in full PPR formats. If you're playing in a half PPR league or especially a non-PR league, you are going to have to move him down a bit just because we don't expect the big plays or the touchdowns to be very relevant with Darnold in at quarterback. Going over and looking at George KD, um, again, single flex format, getting an elite tight end like this is going to help you so damn much. He was the tight end one of points per game last year, averaged over three yards per route run. You have Jawan Jiddings injured, you had Brandon Iayuk injured. Um, so ultimately at the end of the day, it's just George KD, Ricky Pierol, and Christian McCaffrey in an offense that has a phenomenal schedule and projects to be top 10 in the NFL in total points scored. Um, Jaden Daniels was the QB6 last year in points per game, but if you actually look at his stretch in the first eight weeks versus his stretch in the second eight weeks, Jaden Daniels got significantly better as the year went on. So, I'd expect that trend to continue. Going over and looking at James Cook here, James Cook gets the extension. And while yes, I am going to expect that we get some natural regression where if we look at what James Cook provided in the first two years of his NFL career, according to flockfantasy.com, in the first 34 games of his career, he had five carries inside the 5yd line. Now, in the last 16 games of his career, he had 15. So, I'd imagine that this kind of splits somewhere in the middle. I'd imagine that you have more passing touchdowns in Buffalo this year, few less rushing. Um, Tyreek Hill, a wide receiver, we had to move down our rankings. Obviously to see the massive fall from Tyreek from like 23 points per game down to 13 is just extremely concerning for a wide receiver his age that relies on athleticism. And also if we just have I mean an ear to Miami. Everything that's coming out of there is negative surrounding Tyreek. Going over and looking at Garrett Wilson, he fell to the fourth round of the Flock League. I think that Garrett Wilson is much more talented than this. To be honest with you, if I was building an NFL team, I'd rather have Garrett Wilson over JSN. I'd rather have him over T. Higgins. Hell, I think you'd be up there with Loud and Cony for me. But the thing is, you are in what projects to be the lowest passing volume offense in the entire NFL. Justin Fields may be good from a fantasy perspective. Who knows? Hopefully, he's good for the Jets this year. Probably not. But what I can tell you for certain is he's not going to be at the top of the NFL with his passing yards, passing touchdowns. I know he supported DJ Moore in one season that was elevated by one random Thursday night football game. And I understand, yes, that he did play with Garrett Wilson in college, but that's not too too relevant for me. I'm going over and looking at Marvin Harrison. Marvin Harrison, wide receiver, 42 points per game last season. Just the absolute roller coaster that you had wide receiver finish by week. Marvin Harrison week one wide receiver 103. Week two wide receiver 1 overall. Week three wide receiver 20. Week four wide receiver 26. Week five 61. Week six 147. Week seven 55. Week eight wide receiver 4. Week nine wide receiver 77. Then 14, 48, 21, 43, 66, 57. No type of consistency whatsoever. They're saying that he put on size. I don't know if that was the issue. I mean, I'll take a shot on him at the 34 turn. Obviously, he has at least a great prospect profile coming into the NFL. Jaylen Herz will be our next guy. Jaylen Herz, three straight seasons, at least being a top five quarterback in fantasy. Four straight years averaging at least 20 points per game. And at the same time, there's been no player in the NFL to be this consistent with rushing touchdowns. He's had double-digit rushing TDs each season over the past four. Um, Alvin Kamar will be our next player. Obviously, with Alvin Kamara, everything's centered around the receiving. So, if you're using the non-PR sheets, you will realize that Alvin Kamar is a lot lower in our running back rankings than he would be in a full PPR. The Saints offense is going to be garbage. I'd imagine that the touchdown ceiling is going to be capped. Trevon Henderson, big-time riser. Just have to be super excited about what he showed in the preseason. Combine this with the fact that he was an elite running back prospect and it's an absolute phenomenal situation. Um Devonte Adams, again, I think a big issue that you're going to have with the Rams wide receivers here is what's going to be the situation with Matthew Stafford. And I've been fading Devonte Adams since we've been drafting teams on underdog since April. And my thought process was, I completely understand that this is a great situation and Matthew Stafford's fully healthy, but we at least have to acknowledge the fact that this dude's about to be 33 years old and he's on his third team in two years. So, I do think inherently there are some red flags, even if Dvonte Adams hasn't shown signs of slowing down yet. Um, Bree Hall has increased his snap rate for three straight seasons from 49% to 61% to 72%. However, I think we need to be concerned with that actually going in the opposite direction with the new coaching staff. This new coaching staff comes from Detroit where they saw David McGomery and Bree Hall together splitting that workload successfully. And every single blurb that we've had out of the Jets camp this year has been, oh, okay, you are going to get uh more a Brillin Allen. You're going to get even some Isaiah Davis mixed in. And what did we see in the preseason? And we saw Bree Hall playing like 61% of the snaps with the starters, which is down from last year. And at the same time, if we were going to be looking at Bree, the high value touches in New York's probably going to be the goal line work. Brilen Allen has the size where they're maybe indicating that that's what he's going to get. And then we'll go Kenneth Walker back toback. Kenneth Walker was the RB2 last year in points per game. And I know we talked about this early in the offseason, but a big thing that shocks a lot of people is that Kenneth Walker jumped from running 12 routes a game in 2023 to running over 20 routes per game in 2024 and seeing his target share in this offense jump from 7 and a half to 14. Now, if you're using these rankings, there's a good shot you draft Xavier Worthy. And I honestly absolutely love it. I'll be honest with you, I'm biased to Hookham Horns. I mean, the final three relevant regular season games for the Kansas City Chiefs, Xavier Worthy had 11 targets, 11 targets, nine targets. Xavier Worthy had 19.6 fantasy points, uh, 20 and a half fantasy points, 23 fantasy points. Rasheed Rice going to get suspended at some point. You combine this with what we saw in the playoffs for Xavier Worthy. I don't really see how you can sit here and not understand that this is a 21-year-old round one NFL draft pick that yes took a little bit of time to get going, but clearly we are seeing him kind of take over this wide receiver room. I still expect that Rasheed Rice will be ahead of him in games that he plays, but I don't know how many games we get out of Rice. Terry McLaren will be our next receiver. Terry McLaren jumps the wide receiver 16 points per game this past season. Everything remained the same though from his targets per game, his receptions per game, his receiving yards per game, his target share in this offense, his yards per route run, his routes run. The only thing that changed was his touchdown rate. And obviously that's impacted by this offense being much better with Jaden Daniels. But for him to miss this much time, it is going to be something that's concerning for me. Going over and looking at DK Mechaf, I took DK Mechaf in the fifth round of the Flock League. So now all of a sudden I am rooting on my doppelganger. Um, but same thing with Medaf. We've seen him be a low-end wide receiver two forever. There's been one year his NFL career. He's a wide receiver one, one year in his NFL career. He's a wide receiver three. The contract Pittsburgh gives him is encouraging, of course, where they clearly are planning on focusing everything through the air through Metcap. There's probably not going to be a lot of passing volume here. Um, Dvont Smith is like my most drafted wide receiver at this point on underdog. Three straight seasons where he's been at least a mid wide receiver, too. We go back and look at this past year and the Philadelphia Eagles were at the very bottom of the NFL when it comes to their overall passing volume. There's no way in hell that goes anywhere but up. So, I think Davvont Smith can actually return a ton of value at this cost. Um, Ted McMillan, elite wide receiver prospect. I know a lot of people are super encouraged by what they had with Bryce Young at the end of last year. I am a little reluctant to ignore the first year and a half for Bryce Young where he wasn't just bad, but he was the worst quarterback in the entire NFL and just say, "Okay, he had good a good fivegame stretch, so now we should be excited about the Carolina Panthers offense." I'm not going to say you can't draft the dude. I think he's an elite wide receiver prospect. I think there's upside to Carolina, but at the same time, I think there's a lot of downside. I'd say the same thing with Chuba Hubard here. Chuba Hubard was one of our biggest misses last year where I just spent the entire season saying, "Sell high, sell high, sell high." Jonathan Brooks going to come in and this will turn into a committee type situation. Jonathan Brooks came in and immediately tore his ACL and then obviously u Chubber turned into an absolute workhorse running back. We're in the final seven weeks of the season. Chuba's 82% 87% 89% 79 97 93 84% of his team snaps. They do add Trevor Etn and Rico Da though. Um Corin Sutton will be our next receiver. for Corin Sudden in the second half of the season was phenomenal once you had the Bo Knicks breakout where I mean yes early on in the year 7.8 3.6 5.2 zero points like in the first seven weeks but after week seven he was an every week starter that kind of turned in to a differencemaking player. Um DJ Moore will be my next wide receiver. I'm actually a lot higher on DJ Moore than the other experts on the site. Big reason being is I think that DJ Moore is still the wide receiver one. We can see what Ben Johnson does with this offense. the improvements with the offensive line. I think everybody in their mom is expecting this to be the most improved offense this year and I would I would probably stand by that. Travis Hunter will be our next guy with Travis Hunter. Um reports are saying he's going to play 80% of the offensive snaps. The hope is he's never out there on defense. The realistic outcome is they probably put him out there for 10 snaps a game or whatever just so they can get on ESPN and say, "Oh, look, Travis Hunter is playing both ways." But it seems like it's going to be situationally on the defensive side and he's going to be playing the majority of the snaps on offense. Um Rasheed Rice absolute monster at the end of his rookie season in the beginning of year two. You can see Rashi Rice at the end of 2023 his rookie year had 24 18 24 and 17 points. We go to 2024 17 18 29. So I would say Rasheed Rice definitely going to be the wide receiver one in Kansas City in the games that he plays. The issue again is we don't know what the suspension looks like at this point. Um, R.J. Harvey is listed as the running back 72 on the Denver Broncos depth chart, but in reality, when they went out there to play the preseason, you know who was in with the starters, RJ Harvey. So, um, I probably can't tell you that this dude's 100% startable week one. My general rule of thumb with all these rookies you're going to draft is you don't need to be starting them the week that they break out. You can put them on your bench, be excited about their late season upside, and then once we see the breakout, then you get them in the next week. Um, James Connor will be our next running back. James Connor has never finished lower than the RB 15 in points per game. Now, James Connor has also only had one season ever when he played 16 games. It was this past year when I drafted him on the team of Destiny. And thank you, Connor, for your service. Thank you for being my running back one. You definitely saved my little booty. But ultimately, at the end of the day, this a running back that's now going to be pushing close to 30. Has a long injury history. And they're talking about Trey Benson being heavily involved. Um, Jameson Williams will be our next wide receiver. Jameson um big time breakout from his second season averaging 6 and a half points per game up to 14 points per game this past year. New offensive coordinator in Detroit saying that they absolutely love Jameson. Um George Pickins, I understand that a lot of people are excited about him to be the most improved fantasy wide receiver this season and I think there's a good shot that that happens. Now at the same time, um if we are going to be looking at the realistic outcome, I'm ranking him higher than he's ever finished in fantasy. George Piggin through the first three years of his NFL career points per game, wide receiver 45, wide receiver 35, wide receiver 38. So you have two wide receiver four seasons and a low and wide receiver three season. So I think Pickkins definitely can make a larger impact in an offense that's going to have a lot more passing volume. I think Pickkins is a really cool wide receiver to watch because he doesn't generate a lot of separation, but he does make phenomenal highlight grabs at the catch point. That's like great entertainment, but when it comes to actually I don't know. Um, drawing volume, we I just don't know how much he's going to get next to Lamb. Now, Jaylen Wadd will be our next guy. I think Wadd does benefit with Johnny Smith getting dealt, but again, it just seems like everything coming out of Miami seems like this team's almost falling apart. I'm looking at DeAndre Swift. Every single year of his NFL career, he's been a top 24 running back. And at the same time, now you have the Chicago Bears projected out to be the most improved offense in the league where the offensive line looks to be 10 times better. Not only does the offensive line look to be 10 times better, but you have the new change with the coaching staff indicating that they can possibly try to emulate what they did with the Detroit Lions over the past two seasons. Um, Tony Pod was a running back that I wasn't drafting early in the year. I was actually taking Taj Spears instead because it's not like Tony Pod was a super efficient running back over the past two seasons. He's at a 15% and a 16% juke rate which fell off dramatically from the time he was a part-time player in Dallas. That's a concern for me. But at the end of the day with Tony Pard, um Taji Spears, who I was concerned with, now has a high ankle sprain. So Pard looks like he may crush. Ibuka is maybe the largest riser that we have from the last time we made these rankings. Reason is it looks like Godwin's injury is a lot more serious than we initially thought. Godwin's not going to go until October and Jaylen McMillan's not going to go until November. So, we look at Baker Mayfield throwing 41 passing touchdowns last year, 4,500 passing yards. Ibuka being a phenomenal wide receiver prospect, and now he's going to be an everydayown player playing alongside Mike Evans. Definitely should be excited. Calvin Ridley will be our next guy with Calvin Ridley, a very old um for him being drafted in 2018, but he stayed a while at Alabama. Last year, he's the wide receiver, 39 in points per game, but again, we should expect that this offense can only get better with Cam Ward. Um Zay Flowers was the wide receiver 35 last year in points per game and you had Lamar Jackson throwing for 41 passing touchdowns. I took Zay Flowers in the sixth round of the Flock League draft because it's a 12 team two wide receiver double flex. Again, that's a format that if you're using the draft sheets, you'll see we want to be prioritizing wide receiver. However, if you're in like a two wide receiver, one flex league there, I'd be less excited about Z Flowers. Um Joe Burrow will be our next name. With Joe Burrow, if you're drafting in like a league where people know what they're doing, he's probably going to go in the sixth round. If he falls to you at the end of the sixth, the beginning of the seventh, 100% take the dude. If you're drafting with some high school buddies, college buddies that may not be super sharp, may not know exactly what they should be doing there. You could see Joe Burrow going like the fourth or the beginning of the fifth round. And there he should definitely be passing. Um, looking at Sam Leaporta, Leaporta went at the 67 turn in the flock lead, which I really do like that price. And I actually drafted Leaporta last year. I thought he was a phenomenal pick in the fourth round last season. Turned out to be a horrible pick. I think he was just injured though because remember Leaporta had some weird injury buzz in training camp last season. And then if we go through and we look at what happened with Leaporta from weeks 1 through 10 in comparison to weeks 12 through 18, weeks 1 through 10 he ran 25 44 17 15 22 13 15 17 routes and then in the final seven or so weeks he ran 29 29 35 52 23 26 25. So they started using him way more often and with that in mind he started producing. Now going over and looking at Roman Dunay. Roman Dunce had a worse rookie season than Keon Coleman and they go through in the new coaching staff decides to add in Luther Burden and Loveland but again this should be the most improved offense in the NFL this season and at the same time Rome is a wide receiver that was an elite prospect getting the top 10 NFL draft capital. Um David McGomery will be our next running back with McGomery. He's never finished lower than RB22. And at the same time, we can confidently say that if Jamir Gibbs were to miss any time, Dave McGomery would immediately be a borderline top five running back in my rankings that week. So, you have the premium handcuff appeal. You have a relatively high floor. I am concerned that he's another year older. I'm concerned that the offensive coordinator is gone. I'm concerned that the offensive line may be a little bit worse. And the Lions scored the most points in the NFL last year. And right now, sports books are projecting them out to be the sixth highest. So, you will have some regression. Looking at Isaiah Pacheco. Pacheco was an absolute bum last year. Gets injured, does nothing when he returns. Um, super inefficient as well. I mean, 3.7 yards per attempt. An 8% juke rate is the very bottom of the NFL. But the hope that you have if you're drafting Isaiah Pacheco is that, oh, it was just the injury. When he's fully healthy, he's going to be just fine. And then the wide receivers in this tier, we're gonna have Chris Ave, Ricky Pieraw, Stefon Diggs, and Matthew Golden. Um, Chris Ave is very similar to Jerry Judy in the next tier for me. Um, great wide receiver talent, second worst offense in the NFL. At least that's what sports books are saying. Ricky Pull I think is a much worse wide receiver than Chris Ave, but frankly it doesn't matter. The Niners project to be a top 10 offense in the NFL. Jawan Jennings is injured. Um, Brandon Iay may not come back until like week 10. And Stefon Diggs, I I don't think he's that good, but ultimately at the end of the day, he's like the only wide receiver that's relevant in New England. And a lot of people are super excited about Drake May in his second season. Matthew Golden, um, I'm not a big Jaden Reed believer. Jaden Reed got worse from year one to year two. He doesn't play all the snaps. Matthew Golden's probably going to play all the snaps starting day one. His prospect profile is very concerning. Don't get me wrong. You go and look at his metrics, his yards per route run, the whole nine yards. It's gross. But the film guys absolutely loved him. Going over and looking at Caleb Johnson, Aaron Jones. With Caleb right now, he may be the running back three in Pittsburgh. you're not going to be able to draft him at the beginning of the year. Nathan, who took him in the flock league, I'm doing everything I can to send him a running back because I think he needs a starter week one because Caleb Johnson will not be that now. He is being a little bit stubborn with me, but that's um something that we can discuss another time. Then going over and looking at what we have with the last running back in this tier, that is going to be Mr. Quinshan Judkins. Um, I don't think this should be a surprise to anybody, but no, you should not take Quinchon Judkins in the fifth round of your fantasy football draft. If you get him in the seventh, get him in the eighth, sure, I definitely think that he has the upside because I do view him as a phenomenal running back prospect. The issue is at the time of this recording, he's not even signed with the Browns. The charges were dropped against him, but the NFL is doing their own investigation. We have no idea if he will get suspended. Honestly, I don't think he will. I have a lot of money on him in underdog draft. So, I kind of hope he plays this year selfishly, but um I think you'd need at least him to fall to round seven. Now, going over to tier 10, we are gonna have TJ Hawinson kicking us off. Now, I actually grabbed TJ Hawinson in the eighth round of the Flock League. And I absolutely love that price point because you go back and you look at TJ Hawinson before the injury two years ago, the dude was the tight end two in points per game. We look at 2024, he ran 2.61 yards per route run. So ultimately, Hawinson was elite two years ago. This past year, he was great from an efficiency standpoint. He just wasn't fully healthy. So obviously didn't run enough routes. And going over looking at Mahomes, yes, over the past two seasons, Mahomes averaged about 17 and a half points per game. Super disappointing. They haven't allowed him to throw the ball deep. They really have been a more conservative offense, play good defense. But you look at the previous five years, Patrick Mahomes was the QB1 in points per game during that stretch by a country mile. So we've seen the elite ceiling for Mahomes. he hasn't demonstrated over the past two years, but there's always a chance that this offense does change. Um, Jerry Judy, I think, is very similar to Chris Lave. I think he's a phenomenal wide receiver talent, but it's the worst offense in the NFL. Um, Jawan Jennings, I don't know if Jawan Jennings is any good to be honest with you. I mean, I've been saying all offseason in basketball drafts how bad of a pick this dude is because he was going very early in underdog drafts. And we look at the first three years of his NFL career, 1.6, 1.5, 1.2 yards per out run. That's absolute garbage. Yes, this past season he was great, but it was off of three games. 46 points against the Rams, 5.3 yards per outr run in that game, 14.6 yards per target. Of course, that's going to inflate his numbers. If I look at Jawan Jennings through his entire NFL career, he started in 2021. He has played a total of four seasons and he has four games in his NFL career with 20 fantasy points. So, I'm not a big Jennings guy. I'm not a big Debo guy either. Debo may be set up in a decent little spot with a great quarterback play, great coaching staff, and then also obviously we do have the Terry McLaren hold out. I actually need to move Josh DS to the top of this tier given the Daniel Jones announcement. Daniel Jones is much much better for Josh Downs than Anthony Richson would have been. Again, I don't know if he's better for the Colts, but I do know Daniel Jones is going to score points through the air where Anthony Richson would have taken some of those rushing touchdowns and those rushing yards himself. Going over and looking at Godwin. Godwin was the wide receiver two in points per game this past season. But again, the issue is not what he did this past year. The issue is when will he be healthy? Um Jordan Addison ought to have ranked higher than this if it wasn't for the three-game suspension, but the three-game suspension is going to be a little tough. Tyler Borne is skyrocketing up at this point with the preseason news. They are using him absolutely everywhere. He's playing every single snap. And again, Daniel Jones, good thing for these pass catchers. Tyrone Tracy will be the last player in this tier. Tyron Tracy, it looks like he's just locked down the starting job for the Giants early in the year given the Cam Scataboo hamstring injury. However, my concern would be that Cam Scataboo turns this either into a committee or straight up takes the job in the second half of the season. Jacobe Meyers is in a tough spot because the Raiders project to be a bottom six offense in the NFL. Uh Meyers over the past three years has been a top 30 wide receiver in fantasy. I think if you're in baseball, he's very exciting. The issue is if you're like in a two wide receiver, one flag ESPN league, when can you actually get this dude into your starting lineup? And I know you are probably shocked to see the quarterbacks this low in these rankings. And if you're drafting in like an ESPN sleeper, Yahoo reaff league and you're drafting with people that don't know what they're doing, what is going to happen, I can almost guarantee it, is they're going to take a wide receiver, running back, then wide receiver, running back, then they're going to take another receiver, and they're going to be there in round six going, "Do I really take another wide receiver to put on my bench, or do I just take Baker Mayfield?" They're going to take Baker Mayfield. So, in reality, if you're following these rankings, you're not getting Baker, you're not getting Kyler, you're not getting Bo Knicks. These guys are super exciting. They were phenomenal last season. At least Kyler's been a QB1 every year of his NFL career. The difficulty with it is you should definitely be hammering in the skill positions before they run out because there are so many late round quarterbacks that you can get. And if you really want to make sure that you get a great quarterback, I would just take Lamar, take Allen at the two, three turn or take Daniels or Herz at the 34 turn. Now Jaden Reed will be our next player. Jaden Reed went from playing 57% of the snaps as a rookie to 64% of the snaps as a secondyear player. Jaden Reed also went from wide receiver 24 in points per game as a rookie to wide receiver 41 as a secondyear player. Um, and I know people are going to say, "Oh, it's just because the Packers didn't throw the ball as much." Incorrect. Jaden Reed fell from 17% of his team's targets to 16% of his team's targets. So, his target year actually went down. Um, looking at Joe Mixon, Joe Mixon's questionable for week one right now. We just have no idea when this dude's going to come back and actually play. Joe Mixon has been a top 11 running back every year of his NFL career. And this dude's played eight seasons. So, it's crazy to rank him as low as RB 30. He's actually one of the younger running backs in the 2017 class. We just have no injury information on him. We just don't know if he's going to play at all this season. Jordan Mason will be our next back. They're saying that Jordan Mason's going to split the backfield with Aaron Jones. We are more so interested obviously given the elite handcuff appeal if anything were to occur to Aaron Jones. Travis Kelce um this past season has fallen from 14 and a half points per game to 12 and a half and the previous year to that he was at 18 and a half. So to go from 18 points per game to 14 and a half points per game to 12.2 points per game and you're 35 years old. This is just the sign of the falloff. We'll say my girlfriend worked on Happy Gomor 2. She got to meet Travis Kelce said he was super nice dude. So rooting for you Kelsey. Um, Khal Shaka, wide receiver, 36 this past season. Um, over the past three years, he's increased his snap rate, his target share, his receptions per game, his fantasy points per game, his receiving yards per game, his touchdowns per game, his yards per route run, his target share in this offense, his routes in this offense. Like, Shakir has turned himself into an every week player for um, a lot of deeper fantasy leagues. The concern would be the overall ceiling. Michael Pitman Jr. definitely more excited now that you have Daniel Jones. And then our last tier, we're gonna have Mark Andrews here. Andrews looks to be exciting early in the year with the Isaiah likely injury. Late in the year, it may be tougher if likely comes back. And then looking at Jaylen Warren, um I think he's going to be the starting running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers day one. The concern is going to be what happens over the course of the season when Caleb Johnson expands his role. Keon Coleman actually had a very comparable year to Roma Dunes as a rookie. The difference is Keon Coleman doesn't have as good as branding of Rome. guess um Travis ETN may just be the backup running back to tank Bsby in Jacksonville. I would prefer ETN hoping that he gets dealt to a good situation and also he just has more receiving upside than Bsby. And then Cooper Cup, our last wide receiver, I'm concerned with the overall offense and at the same time I'm concerned with the true ceiling. He has been the top 24 wide receiver in points per game over the past two seasons though. But I think that's all I got for y'all in this video. Again, if you want draft sheets for your exact league, your settings, your platform, if you want updated weekly rankings and rest of season rankings through the entire year, a my team's page where you can just absolutely dominate your league mates, a trade calculator, a tradefinder, the whole nine yards. It's all on flockfantasy.com. The $34 season pass gets you access to everything until January 1st. And if you use code flock, you are going to be getting a free trade question and start sit question for me to answer during the season. And on top of that, it's not even a subscription. It's a onetime payment. It's the number one tool for you to win your fantasy football league this year. And at the same time, it's the cheapest tool you could possibly get as well. But I really appreciate you and I really hope I get to see you out in the live stream later tonight.
