Title: Top 50 RB Rankings & Tiers - 2025 Fantasy Football

A lot of previous elite running backs are old and falling off. While at the same time, we have the best rookie running back draft class that we've seen since 2017. So, this should be the most important year to nail the running back position. Starting tier one, you can rank these guys whatever order that you want. I completely understand the sentiment of people wanting to come out here and say, "Well, you know what? Jir Gibbs is the best running back in the NFL. Jir Gibbs is a phenomenal receiving back. David McGomery is going to get scaled back with the different offensive coordinator. Blah blah blah. I understand you wanted to put Jamir Gibbs at the one spot. I mean, Gibbs over the past two years has been the RB8 and the RB2 in points per game. Now, if we look at the entire 2024 season, you'll see that Saquon Barkley averaged 22.2 points per game. Jir Gibbs was at 21.3 and Bejian Robinson was at 20.1. But if y'all remember, Bejon started slow because he had arguably the worst stretch of any matchups you could possibly ask for from a running back at the beginning of the season. This is why he was maybe one of the best boow candidates of all time. And if we look at the second half of last year on the player comparison tool on fogfantasy.com, you'll see that Barkley averaged 23.5 points per game. Bejian Robinson was at 21.3 and Jir Gibbs was at 20.2. So David McGomery is still in Detroit. The Detroit offense shouldn't be the highest scoring offense in the league this season. Currently, sports books project him to be the sixth highest. So, I do think Gibbs has some red flags. Barkley, obviously, you have a massive workload. You have the Madden cover curse everybody wants to talk about for whatever reason. Mainly, you should be concerned about his age and the volume that he saw last year. And then with Bean Robinson, I don't really see where the red flags line up. Like, he's going to be almost the entire Atlanta Falcons offense. I guess maybe his red flag is if Michael Penn is horrible. The Atlanta Falcons offense could have few trips to the red zone. But regardless, all three of these running backs could break fantasy football and I'd be scared to fade any of them. And if you can get them inside the top six picks of your fantasy draft, I mean, that's great value. Now, going over and looking at tier 2, I am not going to be that scared to draft McAffrey. McCaffrey is fully healthy right this second. The Niners have the easiest schedule in all of football. And at the same time, the Niners project to be a top five scoring offense according to Las Vegas sports books. And if we go ahead and look at Christian McCaffrey in 2023, the last time we had him fully healthy, he averaged about 24 and a half points per game. We can go through and we can look at McCaffry's entire NFL season, and you'll see he either wins you your league or he gets injured. There's no in between. His rookie year, he was the RB three in points per game. Year two, he was the RB2. Year three, 29 and a half fantasy points per game, which put him as the RB1. Like for reference, Dererick Henry this past season averaged 19 fantasy points per game and McCaffrey was at 29 and a half that year. Then 2020 he gets injured. 2021 he gets injured. 2022 he was the RB2. 2023 he was the RB1. And then 2024 he gets injured. So very wide range of outcomes, but we've never seen him not be a top three running back in fantasy. So, I'm gonna not put him inside that top tier because you have the injury concerns and he's an older back at the same time drafted in 2017. But, if I can get him at like pick seven, eight or nine in the Flock League, I probably will take him. Now, going over and looking at Devon Chan, if you're looking at the regular points per game through the entire season at 17 a half, it's impressive. But if you take out the games where Tua didn't play, Devon Chan was one of the best running backs in all of fantasy football. In the games that Tua played, Hn averaged 22.6 six fantasy points per game. He averaged six and a half targets per game and 48 and a half receiving yards per game. According to flockfantasy.com, that targets per game marks number one in the league. That receiving yards per game mark is number one in the league for all running backs. If we look at Derrick Henry, Dererick Henry obviously an older RB. Something that we'll talk about later on is just the historical trends that we have for running backs getting into their 30s. Even if you are the Hall of Fame best running backs ever like Derrick Henry is, you can look at Adrien Peterson and you get to be 32 years old and you are seeing fall off seasons. But with Henry, he showed no signs of it at all last year. We had the best season that Derrick Henry has ever posted going back to 2020. Now, I am a little bit concerned that if you were to see the Baltimore Ravens trail more games, maybe Derrick Henry isn't on the field as much as he was, but you can't go wrong with taking Derrick Henry. And then Ashton Genty is an elite level prospect. If you head over to the prospects page on flockfantasy.com, the only running backs to grade it out higher in the FSE model would have been McAffrey, Bejian Robinson, and Saquon Barkley. Yes, Bejan disappointed as a running back too as a rookie, but McAffrey was the top three running back. Saquon Barkley was the running back one overall. And then the other two running backs that were close to Gentia's prospects were Fornette and Ezekiel Elliott. And Ezekiel Elliott was also the running back one overall. Now, let's move over to tier three. And this was an update that we had to make since the last time you saw this. I am making Chase Brown my RB8, which you would think maybe that's a little bit crazy. Mason, are you sure you can do that? Well, if I look at the expert average ranks on flockfantasy.com, Chase Brown's the RB8 there as well. And if we use the player comparison tool, you can see in weeks 9 through 17 when he was the starting running back for the Cincinnati Bengals, he averaged 20 and a half fantasy points per game. And weeks 9 through 17 for Bucky Irving, he averaged 17 points per game. If we look at Josh Jacobs, all of last year, Jonathan Taylor all of last year, Taylor was at about 17 and a half and Jacobs was at 17.2. You have Zack Moss already cut. You have this coaching staff telling us that Chase Brown's going to be involved even more as a receiver, even though he was top three in the NFL on both targets per game and receiving yards per game during that sample. So, I don't know how you can't just see Chase Brown as a league winning option. If you were wanting to say, well, okay, well, Chase Brown was in year two. Obviously, Bucky Irving is going to get much better in year two himself. That is fair. So, if you go to the range of outcomes tool on flockfantasy.com, which just got a massive, massive buff where we just added every player since 2008, thousands of more players for this data set, you will see the closest rookie season comparables that we have to Bucky Irving since the year 2008 were Jamir Gibbs and Bejian Robinson in 2023, Bree Hall in 2022, DeMarco Murray in 2011, Antonio Gibson 2020, Cladwoodair 2020, TJ Yalden 2015, Trent Richardson 2012, Devin Singleary 2019. And you can actually see that the majority of these running backs improved from year 1 to year two, unless you were a CH, Yalden, Richardson or Singleary. And you have two running backs with both Gibbs and Bejon posting top five fantasy finishes in their second seasons. So, Buck Irving extremely exciting. Maybe the issue that you have is the left tackle is currently injured in Tampa. So, I think you have to put a slight discount on them. In terms of where you're actually targeting these players if you're in like a two wide receiver, one flex format, I may consider like Josh Allen, Lamar Jackson, Brock Bowers here instead just to exploit the league format that you're in. But if you're looking at the draft sheets on flockfantasy.com and you're like a double flex league, I think that these would be phenomenal picks in round two. Now, obviously, if you're not already a member of flockfantasy.com, you've probably heard me say this before, but I would make an argument that it is by far and away the best product that you could ever have to dominate your fantasy football league this year. And at the same time, it is the cheapest fantasy football product that you can find. Don't know how it's both the best and the cheapest, but it is. But if you use promo code flock when you sign up to that 2025 $34 season pass, I will also be answering your start set questions and your trade questions for free during the live stream this season. You can find the link to get all those tools, all the rankings until January 1st down in the description as well as the comment section. Now, moving over to tier 4, we are going to be looking at a rookie running back kicking us off. And honestly, if we get Naji Harris at training camp actually practicing, not just walking around, um, we will have to move Amari and Hampton down because Hampton probably will lose some work to Naji early on, but Naji has not been in training camp. Amari Hampton's been able to submit himself as the starting running back and Amarian Hampton arguably could be a top 10 running back in the NFL today with his talent skill set. He was a round one NFL draft pick. He was a phenomenal receiving back in college. He has the size to be a three-own bellcow and he has an elite athletic profile. Amari Hampton checked every single box you could ever imagine as a prospect. And on top of that, he finds himself in the best situation you could ever imagine running behind one of the best offensive lines in the league with a great quarterback with a coaching staff that probably wants to lead the NFL in rushing. So until we see Nier actually practicing, I am aggressively targeting Amari and Hampton in drafts. And if Naji got ruled out for the year, which I'm not saying is going to happen, but who knows? He may have one eyeball, he may have zero eyeballs, he may have two eyeballs. I don't know at the moment, Amari Hampton would move to the tier above this for me. He would be in the same tier with Chase Brown, Jonathan Taylor, Josh Jacobs, Bucky Irving. Now, Kairen Williams will be our next back. Kron Williams gets the nice extension. And I think at this point, you absolutely have to rank Kiran ahead of Bree Hall. You absolutely have to rank Kairen ahead of James Cook. And Kairen is still going behind Bree Hall in underdog drafts, which I think is crazy. But Kairen Williams, if we look at him over the past two seasons, he has been a legitimate workhorse running back. Look at Kiran Williams in comparison to Derk Henry last year or McAffrey in 2023. Over the past two seasons, Karen Williams has averaged 87% of the snaps for the Los Angeles Rams. Derrick Henry had 59% of the snaps for the Ravens last year. Christian McCaffrey had 83% of the snaps in 2023. So Karen Williams over the past two seasons has been the only real bellcow running back in the NFL. Now maybe Jarquest Hunter comes in and takes some usage as a receiver, which is why we're going to be a little bit lower on Kairen in these rankings than where we typically would be because Kairen did finish as the RB4 over the past two seasons. Phenomenal pick if you can get him at the end of round three and in underdog drafts you can sometimes get him at the middle of round four, but obviously that's not happening in your reddraft league. Now Bree Hall will be our next back. Over the past two years he's been the RB11. This coaching staff's one that saw the effectiveness of David McGomery and Jir Gibbs being that committee approach. And at the same time, we've heard a ton of reports coming out that Brilen Allen is actually going to be getting used in short area situations. So, I still think that Bree Hall will have the vast majority of this backfield. But my concern would be if they get to the 2-yard line, if they get to the three-yard line, are we going to see Bree Hall on the field? Because if you look at the player comparison on flockfantasy.com, you'll see that Bree Hall has averaged 0.27. 27 rush attempts inside the 5yd line over the past two years, which marks 60th among all running backs over the past two seasons. So, I'm a little worried that Breece isn't going to get the goal line usage, and that may go to Brillin Allen. Going over to James Cook, I know James Cook isn't at training camp. I know James Cook's holding out for an extension. My expectations would be with these guys holding out at the moment, James Cook's probably a Buffalo Bill this next year. Terry McLaren probably a Washington commander this next season. James Cook's been the RB15 in points per game over the past two seasons. Obviously, we can go back and we can look at what you add in 2023 and see that this is a running back that in 2022 and 2023, he had a total of five carries inside the 5yd line across 34 games, zero goal line usage. But this past year, they bumped that up to 15 carries inside the 5yd line through 16 games, which jumped him from two rushing touchdowns in the first 34 games of his career up to 16 rushing touchdowns this past season. I would expect that he probably splits the middle between the two. And then looking at Alvin Kamara, obviously phenomenal receiving skill set. I think everybody here is going to expect that Kamar continues to be at the top of the NFL with his target share. like Alvin Kamara over the past two seasons has averaged six and a half targets per game which marks first among all running backs and he's averaged about 37 receiving yards per game which marks first as well. Now if we do use the range of outcomes tool on flockfantasy.com to get a sense of what typically happens from running backs going to age 29 to 30. Out of the 10 closest comps to Kamara since 2008 for that age 29 season. Only two of those running backs got better in their age 30 year. That was Derrick Henry who obviously went from Tennessee to Baltimore making a massive leap. And then honestly, actually I lied to you. Nobody else got better. Everybody else got worse. The only situation where running back got better was Derrick Henry changing his location. Matt Forte also was a great fantasy running back. He averaged 21.5 points per game at 29 years old. That fell to 16 1/2. LT averaged 17 1.5 points per game at 29. That fell to 12 1/2. Steven Jackson stayed about the same, 12 and a half both years. Rashad Jennings fell from 12 and a half to 10 and a half. Lean McCoy, also a great fantasy running back, won me my first fantasy title, fell from 16 1/2 to 9. David Johnson, also a great fantasy running back, fell from 15 to6. Jamal Charles, also a great fantasy running back, fell from 20 to 4 and a2. So unless you're Dererick Henry changing situations, the baseline expectation historically has been that running backs get worse at 30 years old, which everybody's going to say Derrick Henry just didn't. But you can't ignore 20 years of math because one player um broke the rule. Now going over and looking at our next tier, we're going to be led off with Kenneth Walker. Kenneth Walker surprised to the upside last season from a per game perspective. He had the highest mark in his entire NFL career. When you're looking at his target share as well as his snap rate, he played 64% of the snaps for the Seattle Seahawks, which was up from 55% in 2023. And at the same time, he saw almost 14% of the Seattle Seahawks targets, which was up from about 7 and a half the previous year. So, Kenneth Walker, you really like to see the usage as a receiver. If we're looking at the transition with this offense though, the expectation according to sports books will be that the Seahawks are a worse team in 2025 than they were in 2024. Um, Chuba Hubard was great last year. Chuba Hubard was the RB13 and actually was the number one running back if you're comparing the guys in this tier against each other with his snap rate, with his rush attempts, with his rushing yards, with his yards per carry, and his rush attempts inside the five yard line. I actually did not know this is true, but according to the player comparison on the site, you'll see that Chubber was first in the NFL in carries inside the 5-yard line last year at 1.33. Looking at James Connor, I understand, yes, great season last year. I've been fading James Connor all off season. I've really heavily leaned into Trey Benson being a thing this season. And based off the recent reports that have come out of Arizona, that actually looks pretty damn good. Y'all know James Connor was my running back won in the Flock league last year. I'd love to say it's going to get better, but if we look at the closest comps to James Connor's 29-year-old season since the year 2008, you have kind of the same guys on the Alvin Kamaro list. And we just went through that and showed that almost every single one of them got worse from 29 to 30. The only exceptions on this list will be Derrick Henry who changed teams and Aaron Jones who changed teams. But James Connor, I think we should expect some natural decline. Plus, you add in the injury history that he has. And then with DeAndre Swift, only 12 and a half points per game last year, but you have significant improvements to the offensive line. And at the same time, you're looking at significant improvements to the overall offense with Ben Johnson calling the plays. And then the two rookie running backs that we're going to have in this tier will be Trevian Henderson as well as R.J. Harvey. Now, I think both running backs are set up in very comparable situations. I would love to have the starting running back for the New England Patriots. I would love to have the starting running back for the Denver Broncos. I think both running backs are going to draw a lot of targets and I think both running backs are going to have a lot of fantasy points available to them. Now, the competition for both backs are very comparable in my mind with Raandre Stevenson and JK Dobbins. The one thing that I'll say is if we lean back on the previous evals that you had for these running backs as prospects, and you can see this with the prospects page on flockfantasy.com as well, you'll see that Trevian Henderson was a much better prospect coming into the NFL. If you weren't diving into these rookies back in April and March like we were, just to let you know, most people were talking about R.J. Harvey potentially being a day three NFL draft pick. They were saying like, "Oh, this R.J. Harvey guy, if he goes in round four, he could be a great value. And yes, he ended up jumping up to the very end of round two, surprising a lot of people. Trevian Henderson, a lot of people were saying, you know what, the Chiefs could take this guy in round one. This is a round one talent according to a lot of scouts. Now, of course, this was a great draft class, so he ends up sliding and he ends up going at the top of round two to the New England Patriots. I just think that Trevan Henderson's going to be the better player between the two. Now, going over and looking at this next here, the biggest disagreement that I'm going to have with the other experts on the site is I can see on the expert average on flockfantasy.com, they actually have Caleb Johnson ahead of some of these other backs like DeAndre Swift, like RJ Harvey. And I understand everybody on the site does a ton of rookie vows. I understand that Caleb Johnson was somebody that we were all excited about in dynasty rookie drafts, but at the end of the day, he did fall down to the third round of the NFL draft. And the reports coming out of Pittsburgh right this second are saying that Jaylen Warden is the starting running back week one. And the bigger concern that I have with this is R.J. Harvey and Trevian Henderson both should have a lot of usage as receivers where I don't know if you're going to get that same receiving involvement for Caleb Johnson. So, um, I'm fine with Caleb Johnson in tier six. I would just please, please beg you, make sure you're taking Trevan Henderson ahead of him. Make sure you're taking RJ Harvey ahead of him if they're all available. Now, our next running back will be David McGomery. Um, it's weird that I've come full circle here and I'm apparently higher on David McGomery than most people, but I like the upside of Jir Gibbs and I think it's still in the range of outcomes that Jir Gibbs comes out and he's the running back one overall and he runs away with this. But if we are going to be fair, David McGomery in comparison to the other running backs that he's being drafted alongside right now, like he averaged more points per game this past year than Isaiah Pacheco has ever done in his entire NFL career. He crushes Pard. Pard was at 12 and a half points per game. McGomery is almost at 16. Over the past two years, Brian Robinson's averaged 12.3 and McGomery this past season was at 16. Now, obviously, I'm expecting some regression for McGomery. If you're looking at these rankings, I think that there's a risk that the offensive line's worse. I think that there's a risk that they lean a little bit more on Jir Gibbs. And overall, the Detroit Lions score less points this season than they did last. So instead of ranking Gibbs as a mid-r, I'd be ranking him as a low-end RB2, high-end RB3. But I do still think that you could see McGomery as a top five running back if anything were to occur to Jir Gibbs. Now going over looking at Isaiah Pacheco, it's so difficult to take anything from the 2024 season. Now if you're actually looking at the game logs on flockfantasy.com for Pacheco, you'll see yes, at the very beginning of the year before his injury, he was decent, right? In weeks one and two, he had 15.8 fantasy points and 16.1 fantasy points. He gets injured and then we get him back in week 13 and he's just never the same. The efficiency falls off dramatically as well. One thing that I really want to point out is if you're looking at the site, you can see that category juke rate with the effectiveness of running backs being able to dodge tackles and he was only at 8% which marks one of the worst efficiency marks that we had in the entire NFL last year. And his yards per carry fell from 4.6 as a secondyear player to 3.7 in year three. Now the good thing here with Pacheco is hopefully he's fully healthy. maybe excuse away last year just due to the injury and you really have no competition in this backfield and I think the Chiefs are going to score more points this season than they did last. So, I'm going to give Pacheco the benefit of the doubt, but obviously there are red flags. Now, going over looking at Tony Pard, um I'm not in love with it. I think the offense is going to be a lot better and Tony Pard did finish as the RB22 last year. Just my baseline expectation is I think we're actually going to see a little bit more Taji Spears and Tennessee this year than we had last. And with Tony Pard, you did see the efficiency drop off where early in his career, the first four years in Dallas, 22, 25, 35, 25% juke rates. We're now backto-back seasons, you're sitting with him under 20%. So, it does look like Pard just lost a little bit of juice. Going over looking at Brian Robinson, you have a bunch of hype coming out for a rookie in Washington. Honestly, f it. I'm gonna move Brian Robinson down behind Aaron Jones and Joe Mixon. With the rookie hype that you have with Brian Robinson being pretty ineffective over the past two years with 12.3 points per game and the fact that Eckler is going to have some usage that would concern me. Looking at Aaron Jones, I think that we have to just keep in mind Aaron Jones is going to be 31 years old this next year. If we look at all the running backs that had similar age 30 years to Aaron Jones since the year 2008, you had Mark Ingram falling from 16 points per game down to four. You had D'Angelo Williams falling from about 11 to 5. You had Foreset falling about 12 and a half to six and a half. Frank Gore falling from 12 to 10. Rashad Jennings um staying about the same at 10 and a half. Matt Forte falling from 16 1/2 to 13. LT and Raheem Boer were able to have better age 31 seasons than they did at 30. But the base expectation for 31year-old running backs should be that they get worse. And kind of the same thing for Joe Mixon going into his age 29 season. The only running back that got better from age 28 to 29 was actually going to be Jamal Charles, but Marshon Lynch fell off a cliff, Chris Johnson fell off a cliff, Demarco Murray got worse, Fred Jackson got worse, Mark Ingram got worse, Stephen Jackson got worse, Aaron Jones got worse. So base expectation already was Joe Mixon was going to be on the decline and now you have the foot injury. That's going to be a major major concern for me. And then going over and looking at what we have with Tyrone Tracy, positional convert from wide receiver to running back, super old. If we look at his rookie year though, it did comp to guys like Melvin Gordon, Joe Mixon, Raandre, um Javvante, Michael Carter, Jerick McKinnon. A lot of these players did get better from year one to year two. And right now, the reports coming out of New York are saying that Tyrone Tracy is the starting running back and Cam Scataboose the backup. Now, going over and looking at Jordan Mason. Obviously, Jordan Mason gave you some elite level weeks with no McAffrey last year. Through the first month of the season, he was averaging about 20 points per game, but also I would say that he's probably the RB2 behind Aaron Jones, even if they're telling us that this is going to be a backfield split. And maybe he's not startable outside of an Aaron Jones injury. I'm Jaylen Warren. Looks like he's the starting running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers day one. But obviously, as you can tell with these rankings, I'm going to be expecting that Caleb Johnson does take the majority of the work down the stretch. And with Warren, he may just turn into that premium handcuff back with Travis ETN. This is a very shaky backfield to project. Belle Tuten currently dealing with the hamstring. Travis ETN was horrendous last year. 3.7 yards per carry, juke rate at 18%. The receiving usage fell dramatically. He fell from averaging about 20 routes run per game as a secondyear player down to 11 and a half. Now this coaching staff that doesn't really have any investment into ETN and Tank Bsby is apparently splitting the reps with him at the moment. Looking at Zack Sherman, he did play slightly more snaps from his rookie to his second year. But I really do think that's just the games where you had no Kenneth Walker because realistically with Charne, he was just a premium hand cut back. Any game where Kenneth Walker played, Charbanet had about 30% of the snaps. Now, the games where you had no Kenneth Walker, you saw Charbanet get up to 96% of the snaps in week two, 87% of the snaps in week three. In week 14, the dude had 38 fantasy points being the RB1 in fantasy. So realistically, if we go through a hypothetical scenario where you were to tell me, Mason, Zack Charbanet is the starting running back for the Seattle Seahawks. Kenneth Walker tears an ACL right before the season in a preseason game. Zack Charbanet, no lie, in my rankings would probably jump up to being in the same tier with Deamar and Hampton. like he's probably the most premium handcuff back in the NFL at this point, but doesn't look startable outside of the case of an injury to Kenneth Walker. Quinnon Judkins isn't even an NFL player at this moment. I I don't know if we can uh rank him any higher than like RB 100, but I'm going to pretend that he has a shot to play this year, and we'll rank him at RB35. Great talent, but garbage offense, and who knows if he even plays. Cam Scataboo, I think, is a very interesting prospect, but he gets injured in training camp. This opens the door for Tyrone Tracy to just submit himself as the starting running back, which looks like it's happened, but maybe Scataboo can be relevant near the end of the year. Then Javvante Williams, I think if I had to just put money on a starting running back for the Dallas Cowboys, and I'm getting even odds across all players, probably will be Javvante, who was kind of the first guy that they went out there and got this off seasonason. Now, that being said, ever since Javvantee's injury, he's never been the same. Like, you go back to Javvante, the first two years of his NFL career, 4.4 and 4.3 yards per carry, 33% juke rate, 30% juke rate. However, after the injury, looking the past two seasons, that juke rate's fallen down to 16% and 14% and the yards per attempt have fallen down to 3.6 and 3.7. So, the juice is just gone from Javvante. But I don't think any running back in this backfield's great. Going over looking at Dobbins, he had a really strong start to the year, but dealing with injuries halfway through it really phased him out. Now, the bonus that you get is he could potentially be a better pass blocking running back than RJ Harvey initially. So, Dobbins could actually get some sneaky third down work in Denver. And then obviously RJ Harvey is going to take over and really just shine as the three-own player. Raadre Stevenson. Every single day we are getting reports coming out of camp saying, "Oh, this dude's total dust." Raadre yet again another fumble. Raadre yet again another fumble. So there is a chance that I end up needing to move Tank Bixby ahead of Readadre Stevenson where Bixsby was really efficient last year. The reason I'm going to have Bsby behind Travis ETN, however, is while maybe they're splitting the backfield reps at training camp at the moment, I do think ETN has a higher ceiling than Bsby ever possesses because Tank Bsby has never been used as a receiver. Even if we go back to this past year where Tank Bsby got up to about 35% of his team snaps, he only averaged 0.8 targets per game, 0.4 receptions per game, 3.3 receiving yards per game. BGsby's averaged about two yards per game as a pass catcher through his NFL career. So just in a full PBR format, the ceiling is going to be severely capped. The ceiling is going to be very capped as well for Nick Chub. But with that being said, this could potentially be a starting running back week one if the Joe Mason injury stuff continues to trend the way it is. What I really like about drafting Nick Chub at the end of your drafts will be that if Joe Mixon's good to go, if Nick Chubb isn't the starting running back week one, you could immediately cut him. I think Taji Spears and Trey Benson have way higher ceilings than Nick Chub. Like Taji Spears could be an every week starter if Tony Pard were to get injured. Trey Benson could turn into an every week starter if you were to get a James Connor injury. So could Rashad White, but at the same time, none of these running backs have the shot to be the starting running back in their backfield outside of an injury. I guess maybe Taji Spears does. Um, so we are going to lean on Nick Chub slightly. Bishel Tuton maybe has the most juice and the best athletic profile in Jacksonville at the moment, but the training camp hamstring tweak is going to be a little bit tough for him to overcome given the fact that you are getting Tank Bigsby and Travis CT and all the reps. Jaden Blue has had a lot of like back and forth reports where first we're hearing, oh, Jaden Blue is lazy, yada yada yada, from guys that maybe we shouldn't be listening to. And then we are getting beat reporters coming through and saying, oh my gosh, Jaden Blue is definitely the best running back in this backfield. And the Miles Sanders injury has opened the door for him. Looking at Jerome Ford, you can make an argument that Jerome Ford's a better player than Nick Chub at this point and maybe has a better shot to be a starting running back week one. My only issue with Jerome Ford is even if he is a starting running back week one, realistically, I don't know if you could get him into your starting lineup if you're playing in a shallower format, just given how bad the Cleveland Browns offense will be where they project to score the fewest amount of points in the entire NFL. Naji Harris could skyrocket up these rankings and Naji Harris also could be undraftable. We don't know right now in the live streams every night. I've been calling him a Cyclops, but um hopefully he has two eyes. Hopefully he's good to go. And if that will be the case, then he will just kind of be a premium handcuff back. I don't think he's going to be startable at the beginning of the year though, just because he lost all those valuable reps to Amari Hampton, who's just the better running back at this point. Dylan Samson could definitely take over Jerome Ford as the starting running back for the Cleveland Browns by the time you get to the end of the season. But also, as Dylan Samson slowly takes over this backfield, you could have Judkins come back to the team any point halfway through the year. So, I don't want to rank Dylan Samson ahead of Jerome Ford for late season upside because um Judkins could be the guy late season. And then Brilan Allen will be the last running back in this tier. You're getting a ton of reports out of New York at the moment saying that this going to be a split backfield similar to what you had with the Detroit Lions. Now, I think that Brillin Allen's not nearly as talented as David McGomery, so I'd be surprised if that does happen. I think Brilland Allen is a threat to Bree Hall to take some usage at the goal line. I wouldn't say that Brilen Allen's going to be a great receiving back in comparison to Bree, though. So, you probably can only start him if you get a Bree Hall injury. But, I think that's all I got for you. I really hope I was able to help you out in some way with this video. Again, if you want the tailored draft sheets to take to your exact draft, with your exact platform, and with your exact league settings, go get those on flockfantasy.com. Not only with the $34 season pass will you get access to all my 50 draft sheets, but you'll get four other draft guides from other creators. Plus, you're going to be getting access to every single tool on the site, including the range of outcomes tool, the player comparison, all the weekly rankings, both rest of season and week to week from now until January 1st. And that's for $34, a one-time payment. You're getting the best product in fantasy football at the cheapest cost. And at the same time, if you use promo code flock, I will answer your start set questions and your trade questions during the season on the live streams. But I think that's all I got for you. I really appreciate you and really hope I get to see you in the live stream later tonight.
