Title: Top 70 Flex Rankings & Tiers - Week 1 Fantasy Football

Yeah, I got bad news. McCaffrey may no longer be a tier one guy. I'm going to put him there for now, but we just got a report that McAffrey is downgraded to questionable for Sunday. Got in a limited practice on Thursday. The Friday practice is going to be so important. If I had McAffrey, I would do anything that I could to get Brian Robinson on my roster today if he's sitting out there on the waiverwire because um McAffrey has not been ruled out. But if you go back to where we were last year with the McAffrey saga, they just drew this thing out longer and longer and longer. Now, obviously, if he plays alongside with all the tier one players, they're in your lineup. Tier two, we're going to have Brian Thomas, Nico, Neighbors, Han, Chase, Bucky, Puka, Taylor, Jacobs, Henry. They're in your lineup. If you are in a world in which one of these players is on your bench, you need to find a new fantasy football league. It that would be ridiculous. Now, tier three. All these guys should also be in your lineup, but I guess we can maybe talk about him for a bit. Ashton Genty is not going to be a top two-tier player for me this week because we've never seen him play an NFL game before. But I think there's a chance that you see him be very similar to rookie season Ezekiel Elliott, rookie season Saquon Barkley. This is an elite running back prospect going into a running back room that has no competition whatsoever outside of a 39year-old Raheem Moer. Now, Alvin Kamara will be our next back. Kamara, you are looking at one of the worst offenses in the league this week according to sportsbook projections, but that's going to be the case through the entire year. And if you're actually going to be looking at what we have with Alvin Kamara with the reception volume in full PBR formats, that's going to be keeping you afloat. Now, obviously, if you're in a non-PR league, in that case, you would go through and you move Ashton Genty up these rankings and Alvin Kamara down. Drake London, Mike Evans will be our next two players. Both of them are going up in the same game environment where you have a very high overunder projects to be one of the highest scoring games in the NFL this week. Drake London and Mike Evans both look to be alpha dominant wide receiver ones considering the fact that in Atlanta you have Darnell Mooney questionable almost as a game time decision for this game. And then with Mike Evans, we already know that you have no Godwin and at the same time you have no Jaylen McMillan. So the target share is going to be extremely concentrated between Mike Evans Ibuka and that is going to be it. Now Amanra St. Brown will be our next receiver. We've talked about this a lot, but it is very hard to know exactly what this Lions offense is going to look like considering the fact that it's a completely new offensive coordinator and at the same time you actually have their center leaving. So all of a sudden the offensive line looks a tad bit worse. And with all this being said, you have a really tough matchup against the Green Bay Packers where the Detroit Lions had the lowest implied team total that we've seen Vegas project for them over the past two seasons. So, we are seeing the Lions regress back a bit with projections. Obviously, they were the highest scoring team in the league last year. A Monro St. Brown still somebody that you're going to need in your starting lineup every single week because he operates in the short area of the field where they are just going to be flooding him with targets. Now, we're going to go over and look at Kairen Williams. The Rams are favored in this game against the Houston Texans. Now, with Kairen, we've gotten reports saying that Blake Corum is going to get a little more involved and also Jarz Hunter potentially could be taking third down reps from him. Now, with that being said, if we are going to be looking at what we've had with Karen Williams over the past two seasons, he has been the only workhorse running back in the NFL, actually averaging over 85% of the snaps for the Rams over the past two years, which Bejon Barkley, Derrick Henry, doesn't matter who you look at, haven't come close to. Now, Lad Mani will be our next wide receiver in this matchup against the Kansas City Chiefs. We're not expecting Trey Harris to have a massive role week one. Kenan Allen obviously was not with this team last year. There's a chance that you have a little bit of a slow ramp up and also Quinton Johnston just missed the past few weeks of camp with a devastating concussion that he suffered in the preseason. So Lad Mananki should just have very little competition overall and at the same time if we are looking at this match up against the Chiefs they are currently actually dogs in this game which means that they could possibly be throwing the ball in the second half. Now going over looking at what we have with Tiggins and Tyreek Hill. Both these wide receivers I think you have to be concerned with injuries. One with Tigens, we've seen a miss time every single year of his NFL career. With Tyreek Hill, we saw him deal with the wrist injury last season and the oblique injury in camp this year. And Tyreek's now going to be 32 years old. And for that reason, I think in my rest of season rankings, I'd be a little bit shakier than where we are ranking them here for week one. But realistically, week one, while both players are fully healthy, we've seen that when they are healthy, they can go out there and they can be a top three wide receiver against any defense. And the Browns project to be the second highest scoring offense in the league this week. The only offense that had projected higher than them going into it were actually the Philadelphia Eagles. And then if we're looking at Tyreek Hill, it's a really good matchup against the Indianapolis Colts. Now with Jackson Smith and Jigba, I don't know if you want to say it's a good match up against the Niners. The Seahawks are most likely going to have to throw the ball a considerable amount. You have an applied team total of 21 points here for the Hawks. You have Cooper Cup with really no certainty of what the role is going to be and at the same time no established wide receiver three to the point people are getting excited about Tory Horton despite him being a day three NFL draft pick that we've never seen play a single NFL snap. So I think the target chair should be very safe for JSN and they probably should have to throw the ball considering the fact the Niners are favored. Um Chuba Hubard will be our next running back. Hubard is just a true balcow RB until we see otherwise because last year I came out here I turned on this camera and I told you every single week Chuba Hubard sell high candidate. Chuba Hubard sell high candidate. Jonathan Brooks going to come in and turn this into a running back by committee. Jonathan Brooks came in to his ACL and Chuba Hubard went out there and looked like Kairen Williams with the workload that he had at the end of the year. This is a good match up against the Jags. sneaky highscoring total for this game. And obviously you had Bryce Young looking really good at the end of last season. James Cook will be our next guy. Obviously we saw the Buffalo Bills really want to run the ball based off what they had last year. It was the first year that we have seen from Josh Allen as a starter for the Bills to actually have more rushing touchdowns than passing touchdowns. And nothing's ever come close to that. Now if we are looking at this Josh Allen offense, I think that in close game environments, we should see Josh Allen get back to what we're used to. just a ton of drop backs, a ton of pass attempts in that area of the field. I think we are going to see James Cook not have a massive role as a receiver. So, James Cook completely fine play should be the highest scoring game against the Baltimore Ravens. But again, the Bills are going to be possibly in a spot where they have to throw the ball where over the next few weeks James Cook should be higher in these rankings. Kenneth Walker will be our next running back going up against the NerS. I'm really interested to see what this offense looks like with Darnold because we go back to last year and we actually had a surprising role as a receiver for Kenneth Walker which does give him that floor even if the Niners were to win this game handily. Now Xavier Worthy will be our next wide receiver with Xavier Worthy. It will be very interesting to see what actually happens with the wide receiver 2 role here in Kansas City because we know obviously Wory's going to be the wide receiver one when you have no Rashi Rice, but we really haven't seen Hollywood Brown play a large stretch of games. I understand yes maybe at Hollywood at the very end of last season, but you didn't really get that ramp up time for him to get established with the team. He did miss some time in training camp here as well, so maybe that's not even a good comp. Um, I actually think that the Travis Kelce volume is going to go down dramatically this year based off what we've seen with the overall efficiency fall off over the past three seasons, plus his age, plus um, the fact that now he's more so a movie star. Um, I've actually locked in my underdog pickum for tonight's game of Travis Kelce for fewer than 50 and a half receiving yards, Amari Hampton to have higher than 9.85 85 fantasy points and Patrick Mahomes to have fewer than 19 and a half fantasy points. And there that's going to be a $50 pickum entry to win about $400. But that's because I use my 50% profit boost that Underdog is giving out for everybody with the game tonight. And they're giving out a 100% profit boost token tomorrow for the game on Sunday. And if you're not already on Underdog, if you use code flock when you sign up, you're going to get $50 added into your account after you play your first five. Plus, if you got the season pass on flockfantasy.com, fill out the Google form and you'll get an extra $10 added into your account. So legit, just go out there, deposit 10 bucks, play five, have $70 on Underdog to play with, and then you can go out there and take advantage of all the promos that they're running through the end of this week. Now going over and looking at our next option, we are going to have Tet McMillan. I have answered so many start questions regarding T McMillan in the live streams this week. I mean, I have live streamed at minimum five hours every single day for quite some time now. We're going to do until Christmas. And T and Ibuka are probably the two wide receivers I've been asked most about. And I am most confident with T McMillan as an auto start for you. Going back to how good this matchup is against the Jacksonville Jaguars. Implied team total about 22 points here for the Carolina Panthers. And again, you have no Jaylen Coker for this game. They traded Adam Thelen to Minnesota. So it's T McMillan, Xavier Leette. That's it. T is an absolute lock. Courtland Sutton looks like a really good play as well. With Sutton, maybe you're a little concerned at the fact that the spread on this game is massive. So possibly if it gets out of hand, the Denver Broncos are going to be able to run the ball over and over and over again in the second half. However, when you add the Bon Knick's breakout in the second half of last season, Corland Sutton did turn into that low and wide receiver one, high and wide receiver two in fantasy, Terry McLuren will be our next option. They asked Terry if he was going to be on a snap count week one with him missing training camp due the contract hold out. He said, "Nope, I'm good. I'm feeling 100%." I think we should believe him. I mean, implied team total here has the Washington Commanders as a top five scoring offense in the league this week with 26 points. Devonte Adams will be our next guy. Will be very interesting to see Adams in Los Angeles. I know a lot of people were super excited to take him in round three of fantasy drafts this year and got mad at me when I said I wasn't. Again, I do think that there are age concerns. I think there are Matthew Stafford back concerns. I think Puka is the established wide receiver one, but obviously Adams can still regress a bit from where he was at last year and still be a mustart guy every single week. Marvin Harrison Jr. will be our next wide receiver. I don't love the fact that there's no shootout potential in this game, right? You're going up against the New Orleans Saints. This game has a massive spread on it. So, I think we are going to see a lot of James Connor and a lot of Trey Benson in the second half. And Harrison was extremely inconsistent last year, but we are going to give him the benefit of the doubt given the prospect profile, assuming that he does improve going into year two. Tony Pard will be our next player. I hate the fact that the Tennessee Titans project to be the worst offense in the NFL this week, according to Vegas. This is a great defense he's going up against with the Denver Broncos. I would really like to avoid starting any any Tennessee Titan that I could, but the fact of the matter is Tony Pard is gonna have every single touch with no Taji Spears in this offense. So, you honestly just kind of have to plan him. Now, the projections scream do not play Amari and Hampton. I guess the people making the projections out underdog or people looking at stuff for Vegas, they're seeing Najias thinking that Nagier is going to be relevant. I of course would rather Naji Harris not play in this game if I was starting Amari and Hampton, but Naji Harris has practiced like two or three times with the Los Angeles Chargers at this point. He got cleared for contact like a week ago. Am I expecting Naji, who is two to three practices with this team, to play more than the running back that has the juice, that got the round one NFL draft capital, that has been practicing with this team for months? I don't I think Hampton has the size to be a three-own player. He's an elite athlete and at the same time, you have the receiving skill set. So maybe Naji makes his in, but Hampton in my mind is going to be the dude I could be clueless. I put $50 of my own money on this where we are going to be going with Hampton higher than 9.85 fantasy points like I said in that underdog pick them. Now going over looking at what we have with Bree Hall. Um I am very much concerned. You have the offensive guard going down with the Jets. And again this projects to be the lowest scoring game in the NFL. It's a tough matchup going up against the Pittsburgh Steelers. And this coaching staff over and over and over again has told us yeah we are going to be splitting this backfield. So I think we see some Brillin Allen. Um, I'm fine starting Breeze, but I'm not going to sit here and act like it's the most exciting thing in the world. DJ Moore will be our next wide receiver. With DJ, I am concerned that this new coaching staff came in. They took a look at what they had at wide receiver with DJ Moore and Roma Dunce and they said, you know what, let's go grab Coulson Lovelin with our first pick. You know what? Let's go grab Luther Burton with our second pick. I think that's something that gives me some pause with more. But the fact of the matter is I'm not expecting Luther Burton to have a massive role week one. I'm not expecting Lovelin to have a massive role week one. So if DJ Moore is going to be an alpha, it's probably at the beginning portion of the year. Our next guy will be DeAndre Swift. With DeAndre Swift, we have not heard a peep about Roshan Johnson all off season. I honestly was kind of hoping that Roshan was going to be the guy hook, but no. I mean, and nothing's came out. Kyle Manung guys like your competition at this point. So DeAndre Swift I think he's going to have a safe workload. The match up against Minnesota I don't love. The Bears are slight dogs in this game but it should be a close contest overall. Um Zay Flowers will be our next wide receiver. Zay Flowers typically is going to be ranked way lower in my rankings. But that's because typically the Baltimore Ravens are going to try to run the ball. That's what we saw last year. However, this game you actually have the Buffalo Bills favored. Now it doesn't mean the Buffalo Bills are going to guarantee a win. Obviously not, but it does speak that maybe Baltimore is going to have to throw the ball a little bit more than their plan A is. So if that passing volume's going to be there, I'll be a little more excited about Z Flowers in a game where again, sports books are telling us there'll be more points scored in this one than any other game this week. DK Mechaf will be our next guy with Meetaf typically is going to be ahead of Z Flowers. I am Metaf in the Flock League. I hope he crushes, but the reality of the situation is gross game environment. first game with this team, first game with this quarterback, a tough matchup. So, I'm not that excited about him. Jerry Judy, I'm also starting in the Flock League. Really hoping that he comes through for us. And honestly, I'm almost more excited about Judy than I am Metaf because you actually have the Cleveland Browns projecting to score 21 points this week. The Browns project is like the 10th worst offense in the league this week. typically they're going to project as the worst, but it's because you have a phenomenal matchup going up against the Cincinnati Bengals. Um, you probably should see the Browns have to throw the ball a bunch as well. You have no Quinch on Judkins, so it's Jerome Ford and Dylan Samson. You have Flacklin under center going to be that DGAF quarterback. So, honestly, I'm pretty damn excited about Jerry Judy this week. Garrett Wilson will be our next receiver. The Jets are going to try to run the ball over and over and over again. The Jets are going to be a garbage offense. Y'all know I've never thought Justin Fields is a good real life quarterback. Now Justin Field's gonna run the ball. So in fantasy he's viable. Um but with all that being said, Garrett Wilson is talented and at the same time Garrett Wilson's the only wide receiver on this team. So we do have to give him at least the benefit of the doubt there. Jaylen Wadd will be our next name. Obviously Wadd looks very bad at the end of last year. However, you have no Janna Smith. You have two fully healthy. We've seen the Miami Dolph actually crush every September. And yeah, obviously the issue with this offense is can they keep it up? But I think early in the season, Waddle should be a fine play. Now, Trevian and Ibuka are two players that I would love to wait a week and see it and then believe it. However, the setup may just be too good with these options. With Trevian Henderson, you are favored in a game where the New England Patriots should be able to run the ball consistently. And at the same time, Trevian Henderson has the receiving skill set, the athleticism to have a big game off limited volume with Ibuka. He's a rookie wide receiver that is not a T McMillan level prospect. He's a good prospect, don't get me wrong. Very solid round one NFL pick. It's a good matchup that you have as well going up against the Atlanta Falcons. You have an established wide receiver one across from you with Mike Evans. Um, typically I would like to bench the rookies and wait a week to see it, but the fact of the matter is with these two rookies in particular, you probably just got to go ahead and jam them in. Isaiah Pacheco will be our next option. If we are looking at Isaiah Pacheco, I don't love the match up against the Chargers. You do have the Chiefs favorite in this game. So I guess honestly with our underdog pick them where we're going Kelsey for lower than 50 and a half receiving yards and Momes for lower than 19 and a half fantasy points kind of hoping for a big PCO game. But the fact of the matter is PCO looked horrendous at the end of last year. I think we're going to hope that it was just due to the injury. We're going to hope that he's 100% at this point but he could just be in a committee and we don't know yet. Um Jameson Williams will be our next option. begin with Jameson. I don't love the matchup going up against the Green Bay Packers. And it is worth noting that this is the worst the Lions offense has projected in quite some time. Aaron Jones going up against the Chicago Bears. I don't know exactly what the split's going to be with Jordan Mason. Also, I don't love this matchup against Chicago and we've never seen McCarthy either. Um JK Dobbins, we don't know what the split's going to be between him and RJ Harvey. Obviously, I'm going to assume that the veterans have the backfield at the very start of the year. I really like the matchup for Dobbins. We're going up against Tennessee. There's a massive spread in this game. You assume that they're going to be able to run the ball in the second half. But with that, I'm going to have Dobbins just a little bit lower again because I am worried about RJ Harvey. Tyron Tracy will be our next option. Tracy, garbage offense. I don't even think he's that good of a running back. But Scatteraboo dealt with a hamstring in camp and near the preseason. So, I'm actually going to assume that we have Tracy at the beginning of the year with a massive workload and then Scataboot takes more and more as the year goes on. Um, Roma Dunce will be our next option. Rome was horrendous last year, but again, going back to we're talking about with DJ Moore, I'm not expecting the rookies to have massive roles right out the gate. And with Roma Dunce as well, this is a spot where you have all the things changing in his favor. A better offensive line, a quarterback going into year two, a much better coaching staff, and the reports out of camp were screaming that he is going to be the wide receiver one in Chicago. I don't exactly believe it. Um, Jaylen Warren will be our next player with Jaylen Warren. I traded him away in the Flock League kind of regretting it because obviously he projects very well week one. Looks like he is going to be the straightup starting running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers out the gate. And at the same time, if you are looking at this, well, you can say, "Oh, that's an exciting role to have. That's an exciting job to have under the context of this being a favored football team. They should be able to actually win this game against the Jets." Or at least that's what projected. So, we know Arthur Smith's going to want to run the ball and in this game he probably can't. Um Ricky Pierol um upside but at the same time downside in that Jennings is good to go. Paw looked good for two games at the end of his rookie season, but we really have no sample. Um Crystal Lave I I just don't see where the ceiling is. Again, if you were in like a great matchup like Jerry Judy has this week, I'd be more excited. Honestly, I'd be more excited with Flaco obviously under center in New Orleans than Spencer Rattler. Calvin Ridley will be our next receiver. Absolutely hate the match up for Ridley going up against the Denver Broncos. Now, of course, most weeks he's going to be ranked much, much higher on this list for me, but this projects to be the worst offense in the league this week, and this is the worst matchup you could possibly have. Travis Hunter will be our next option. With Travis Hunter, I really like the matchup. And with Travis Hunter, we have a lot of exciting news for him being listed as a starting wide receiver and a backup defensive back. It looks like the stars are aligning for Travis Hunter potentially break out early in his NFL career. Now, with that being said, I know I'm boring. I know the exciting things to come out here in a video and say like, "Oh my gosh, I'm going to be the highest guy on these rookies week one because I know ball and I know that they're going to be the best." I'm completely fine with a prospect like Travis Hunter that we've never seen before going, you know what? Can we see it for one week? One week. Travis Hunter, please come out here, break out on my bench, and I'll be happy to start you for the next 15. I'm Debo Samuel. will be our next guy. Uh we don't really know what the running back room is going to be like in Washington. There's a chance that you get some manufactured Debo Samuel touches and obviously you had Terry McLaren missing a considerable amount of time in camp which maybe expands the role for Debo early. Going over to our next guy, I honestly think we maybe have David McGomery too high here because as I look at this, I would start Matthew Golden over David McGomery. And I'll update these rankings on the site to make sure all this stuff's reflected. Um but yeah, with Montgomery, don't love the match up against Green Bay. Matthew Golden. The match up against Detroit looks good where the Packers project score a ton of points. And at the same time with this, Jaden Reed may not play. Jayen Reed looks like he's probably going to miss. So, I'd be completely fine with us moving Golden ahead of Montgomery, especially if you play in a full PBR format. I'm starting Stefon Diggs in the Flock League and I'm terrified. 32-y old wide receiver coming off the tornado seal and we haven't seen him yet with this quarterback. So, um, if you're a two wide receiver, one flex league, you probably have a better option at this point, but I don't. In my double flex format, I have to go diggs. My alternative would be like Travis Ten or Cory Cross Merritt. Clear will be our next name with Shakir. He was banged up in camp, but sounds like he is good to go now. And it's a great match up against the Baltimore Ravens where, like I said, we do think the Bills are gonna have to throw the ball a bit more. Jawan Jennings will be our next name. Jennings wasn't really at camp obviously had the contract dispute. Looks like he is going to be good to go. Um a four-week one though and it looks like the injury was kind of fake. Jacobe Meyers is in a spot where maybe you're a little more excited about him with the Amari Cooper retirement. But my thing with Jacobe Meyers is what has happened this off season. They've gone out of their way. They have drafted two rookie wide receivers. They have a new quarterback. They have a new coaching staff. And Jacobe Myers has requested a trade. This technically is a revenge game for Jacobe, but still I would be nervous. Michael Pitman Jr., Josh DS will be our next guys. Um, it is weird to see this, but you have super good projections for the Colts this week. Obviously, I'm a little bit nervous with Daniel Jones center, but as of now, the Colts project to be a really high-scoring offense. I think a lot of this has to do with just the fact that you do have this being a really bad Miami Dolphins defense. Now, our next tier is going to be let off with Austin Eckler. If I had to trust a running back in Washington right now, it would be Eckler. Do I want to trust? No. No. No. No. I do not want to trust a running back. I would love to avoid it if I can, but in reality, you may end up just getting stuck playing him. RJ Harvey will be our next player going up against the Tennessee Titans. Again, I think they should be able to run the ball a ton in the second half. I I like Harvey the player, but the fact of the matter is Dobbins is probably the starter early. Our next guy is going to be Jerome Ford. with Ford. I bet that he's the starting running back in a good matchup, but at the end of the day, we don't know what the split's going to be with Samson. Travis CTN, Tank Bixsby could be the guy. It's a good matchup though. And then Nick Chubb's probably the starter, but I'd realistically rather not start him in a full PBR format. Like again, I have Chub on my team. I have him on the bench. Instead, I'm going to be going with Stefon Digs myself. But I really appreciate you. I'm sorry that I didn't tell you to start Javvante Williams on Thursday night. That one's on me. Won't make that mistake again. But regardless, if you are looking to have some fun for the game tonight or the games on Sunday night, Underdog has a ridiculous amount of promos out right now. You have a 50% profit boost token for the game tonight. You have a 100% profit boost token for the games on Sunday. And on top of that, if you use code flock when you sign up to Underdog Fantasy after you play your first $5, you're going to get $50 added to your account. And on top of that, you are going to be getting an additional $10 if you got the season pass and fill out that Google form. So deposit 10 bucks, play five, have $70 in your account. And if you are looking to do something, I actually have a pick them myself of Travis Kelce for fewer than 59 receiving yards for the game tonight. Amari Hampton for higher than 9.85 fantasy points and Mahomes lower than 9.45 fantasy points. That's $50 to win about 400. And I will keep you posted on what I'm going to be doing for the Sunday night game when that 100% profit boost token drops. But the link to underdog fantasy is in the description comment section.
