Not only am I going to give you sell
high players in this video, but I
actually have a couple of them on my own
team that I sent out real offers with,
and I'll give you my thought process and
show you those offers when we get to
them. Starting off with Jake Ferguson,
though, I absolutely hate to include him
in a sell high video because you go back
just like three, four weeks ago, I had
Jake Ferguson in the buy low video. CD
Lamb went down and I went, "Oh, okay.
Well, we know Dak Prescott's an
efficient passer. We know this Dallas
Cowboys defense is one of the worst
defenses in the entire NFL. So Jake
Ferguson is about to get flooded with
targets from a pretty efficient
quarterback. So Jake Ferguson very easy
to rank him aggressively, very easy to
call him a buy low candidate when he was
a low-end tight end one. But that's no
longer the cost and that's no longer the
situation where CD Lamb is probably not
coming back this week. But I would
assume that we are getting CD Lamb back
next week. And if that were to occur, we
have to just reset our priors with the
volume that Ferguson should see in this
offense. Where we go back and we look at
Jake Ferguson's entire NFL career. In
2024, Jake Ferguson averaged 6.1
targets. In 2023, he averaged 6.0
targets. And both seasons, he averaged
4.2 receptions. That's when you have CD
Lamb and you have no solid wide receiver
too. Well, now you do have a solid wide
receiver too with Mr. George Pickins.
And maybe you'd say like, "Oh, Mason,
Jake Ferguson's a tight end one in
fantasy at the moment. It's not even
remotely close." With him averaging nine
and a half targets a game, 8.2
receptions per game. He's a completely
new man. I'd go back to week one and
say, "Hey, he had six targets." Uh, the
same exact player that we had seen
through his entire NFL career. So, is he
the Titan one in fantasy because he has
finally broken out and he's finally an
elite name or is he the Titan one in
fantasy because CD Lamb went down and he
just got flooded with targets like we
said he would in a B low video. It's
probably the latter. So, for that
reason, while Jake Ferguson has been
crushing the other tight ends that are
ranked in the S tier of my rankings up
until this point, Trey McBride's at 12
and a half fantasy points per game.
Tyler Warren's at 13.26. 26. Brock Bower
is at 10.88. Jake Ferguson's at 17.24.
I do expect the volume to come
dramatically down. The efficiency hasn't
been great. I mean, right now, you're
sitting with an average of 5.7 yards per
target, which is identical to what you
had last season. So really, I think that
Jake Ferguson's kind of the same tight
end that he's always been, and instead
of him being the tight end one by
Country Mile, he's going to be like a
mid to low-end Titan one rest of season.
Looking at a trade that I saw on the
Tradefinder on flockfantasy.com,
somebody was able to trade Dak Dowel,
and Ferg Bowowers, JCM, and Evans. And
honestly, I'd love to make a move like
that where um whoever you're trading
with for Bowowers thinks that they're
upgrading, and in reality, I think in
the second half of the year, Bowowers
will probably be better. Now, let's move
over to a wide receiver that is on my
own fantasy team. We're going to have
two players from my own team. This one's
going to be T. Higgins. Now,
realistically speaking, I kind of put
out some feelers with my league mates
and I saw that they don't really think
Joe Flacco is going to fundamentally
change this offense here for the
Cincinnati Bengals. But, I don't know
how your league mates think. they look
at this upgrade to Joe Flacco where they
think all of a sudden you're going to
get back to the Tagans of last year then
I think you should go through and you
should give them the opportunity to buy
him because realistically if we look at
this Cincinnati Bengals situation one I
want to address the fact that Tiggins
has been horrendous this dude's in my
starting lineup every single week he's
had one game with more than 33 receiving
yards and he's had zero games with more
than three receptions. I mean, his yards
per route run this season must be one of
the worst marks that I have simply ever
seen. He is averaging at the moment 0.94
yards per route. Now, of course, a lot
of this had to do with Jake Browning
being a horrendous quarterback and I do
think that Joe Flacco is an upgrade.
Ultimately, the worst thing that you
have here in my opinion when it comes to
the Cincinnati Bengals was not the
quarterback play, which keep in mind was
god awful. It's the horrendous offensive
line that got Joe Burrow injured in the
first place. And now you have Joe Flacco
with limited to no mobility stepping
behind that same unit. And you can kind
of see what the projections are at the
moment from sportsbooks where they're
putting the Cincinnati Bengals before
the Joe Flacco trade as 14 and a half
point dogs against the Green Bay Packers
projected to be the lowest scoring team
in the league. And then after the Joe
Flacco trade um projected as 14 and a
half point dogs against the Green Bay
Packers, projected to be the lowest
scoring team in the league. So sports
books are telling us that Flaco is not
going to make that big of a difference.
Don't get me wrong, I moved up teens
slightly in my rest of season rankings.
I moved him from wide receiver 40 to
wide receiver 36. I just don't think
we're getting anything close to the
Tiggins that we had last year and I
wasted a third round pick ultimately.
Now, if you are looking at what the
projections are for Tigans this week, if
you think I'm way wrong, you could
literally take Thigans high or lower 41
and a half receiving yards on underdog
fantasy. Now, I would warn you of this
because like I said, he's had one game
where he's gone higher than 41 and a
half receiving yards and he's had zero
games with more than three receptions.
But if you were interested in that
projection on Underdog, you can find the
link to Underdog Fantasy in the
description as well as the comment
section. Underdog Fantasy is available
in almost every single state. And if you
use code flock, you are going to get the
best offer that they have done in the
five years I've been working with them.
And that is after you play your first $
five dollar, you are going to get $100
added to your account. And on top of
that, you'll get a free Gen Herz pick
higher lower half a total yard for the
Thursday night game. And you'll get free
questions that you can ask me in the
live streams that I'm going to be live
streaming every single day until
Christmas. Underdog fantasies available
almost every single state. And you can
find the link in the description and
comment section. Now looking at trades
that I would be willing to accept for
Tigens where I have Higgins on my team.
Somebody sold Tiggins for George KD. I
would happily take KD. Somebody also
package together Tiggins and Dererick
Henry to go and get Bucky Irving,
especially if you're in a 10 team start
seven format. There the depth's not
going to matter at all and I'd sell
Tigans for almost anything. Now I know
that this isn't really a sell high
player and this is more so a sell low
player, but I just have to talk about
him anyway. I nuked him in my rankings.
How the hell am I going to be able to
come through and tell you to start
Kenneth Walker with any type of
confidence?
Kenneth Walker through the first five
games this year is sitting here with one
game playing more than 50% of the snaps
for the Seattle Seahawks.
Now, of course, some running backs can
get away with this. If you're David
McGomery, you can get away with it
because you can say like, "Oh, okay.
Well, at the end of the day with David
McGomery, he's going to be playing one
of the best offenses in the league.
You're going to have a lot of touchdown
upside, blah, blah, blah. You could
possibly be in a 50/50 time share in a
running back by committee and still get
there. That's not going to be the case
for Kenneth Walker. This is a career low
for Walker with his points per game,
with his snap rate, with his carries,
and with his targets per game. This
coaching staff, it doesn't care about
Walker's efficiency in comparison to
Zack Charbanet. They are getting Zack
Charbanet the role. They are getting
Charbanet the majority of the snaps and
the majority of the touches. So, it
doesn't matter if you and myself believe
that Kenneth Walker is the most talented
running back here in Seattle. Until
further notice, he's almost unusable.
Like I know that this is absolutely
crazy and I'm not telling you that you
have to trade DeAndre Swift for Kenneth
Walker, but I moved Kenneth Walker
behind DeAndre Swift, Trevon Henderson,
and Amari and Hampton in my rankings.
Because if I'm looking at this, I could
say like, oh, okay, well, Henderson
doesn't have the role either. He's not
startable in the short term either. But
at least with Henderson, one, he's in a
better offense, and two, it's
understandable to assume that the rookie
expands his role as time goes on. Mari
Hampton obviously we've seen the ceiling
case from I know obviously if you're one
and four you wouldn't sell Kenneth
Walker for Mari Hampton but if you're a
winning team I do it in a heartbeat. Um
DeAndre Swift here's my thing with Swift
verse Kenneth Walker. And I'll let you
know right now the expert average
rankings on the side are telling me that
I'm ludicrous ranking Kenneth Walker
behind Swift. They have Swift at 83
overall and Kenneth Walker at 50
overall. But with DeAndre Swift, while
he's not as talented of a running back,
he's at a better offense and he sees
more opportunities every single week and
he's already through his buy, so you're
going to get an extra game. So yeah,
like Kenneth Walker doesn't look
startable until he proves otherwise. I
think you're kind of hoping for a trade
at this point. Looking at the trade
finder on the site, we saw somebody
trade Kenneth Walker for Hampton. If I
had a winning record, I would do that
for sure. Somebody packaged together
Kenneth Walker and Brian Thomas for a
Monroe St. Brown. somebody packaged
Kenneth Walker and DK Medaf for Josh
Jacobs. I'd be fine with all those
deals. Now, let me show you the offers
that I made in my league this week. And
that is me trying to sell high on Stefon
Diggs. Now, you'll see with my offers,
I'm not trying to just get random Joe
Schmo back. I'm trying to get solid
players. But Stefon Diggs this past week
blows up. Stefon Diggs gives you 24 and
a half points. Stefon Diggs looks
phenomenal in a prime time game. He
almost brings my team back from the
absolute depths to make it where I can
move to 5-0. Sadly, I lost. I went to
four and one, but no fault to Stefon
Diggs. He did everything he could. And
with Diggs, he did it with volume. And
this is the continued trend of Stefon
Diggs who wasn't playing enough at the
beginning of the year now actually
seeing more and more playing time where
we had had in week four him go out and
post a season high 67% of the snaps and
that's continuing to trend in the right
direction in this Buffalo game. And
Drake May looks phenomenal. But
realistically speaking, if we do look at
Stefon Diggs, this is still an
incredibly old wide receiver coming off
a torn ACL that's not an every down
player just yet. This isn't a super
concentrated offense where you do have
Drake May spreading the ball out a ton.
So with how I'm viewing Stefon Diggs on
my own fantasy team is I am not viewing
him as like a locked and loaded top 20
wide receiver every single week without
question. Like realistically, my wide
receiver room is garbage. Obviously,
we're just jamming running backs in our
flex spots. But wide receiver, my top
three guys are DK Medaf, Stefon Diggs,
and T. Higgins. Like, I am planning on
putting Stefon Diggs at wide receiver 2
over T for most weeks. But with that in
mind, if I could take one of my depth
running backs and make a trade to get to
an unquestioned wide receiver that I'm
fine starting every week, like I offered
Stefon Diggs and Cam Scatteraboo for
Rasheed Rice. The trade calculator on
flockfantasy.com says that's a fair
deal. I also offered Stefon Diggs and
Nick Chub for Brian Thomas where the
trade calculator is actually saying that
I would win that trade. And I do want to
remind y'all, if for the love of God, if
you're ever making any trades, please
throw them onto the trade calculator on
flockfasanty.com. It is completely free
and it's going to save your ass from
making a devastating move that hurts
your team. Now, let's go ahead and let's
move over to Michael Pitman Jr. Um, with
Pitman, we keep saying like, oh, you
know what, the touchdown efficiency may
not keep up. You may need to see him get
scaled back a bit with his points per
game if the volume's not going to be
there. and he continues to post um a
career-high touchdown rate. Like the
dude is averaging seven targets per
game, which is dramatically down from
what we had seen in 2021, 2022, 2023.
And even it's about the same as what you
had last year in 2024. But the main
difference that you have with Michael
Pitman at the moment is he's just
scoring touchdowns at an extremely high
clip. And a small sample is going to
make his points per game look
phenomenal. where right now he's the
wide receiver 13 in points per game
averaging about 15 and a half. But
realistically the underlying numbers
they don't scream that Michael Pitman's
any different of a player. This is
actually the lowest target share number
that we have seen with Pitman going back
to his rookie season. He's had 23.3%
of the Indianapolis Colts targets. his
yards per route run not as high as it
was when he was that consistent low and
wide receiver one, high and wide
receiver two. He's at 1.86.
I mean, if we're going to be looking at
pretty much any statistic across the
board, the only thing that stands out is
him averaging almost a touchdown a game,
but this is a touchdown rate of over
10%. There's no way that this kind of
touchdown rate is going to keep up. And
I think you could have some regression
overall for the Indianapolis Colts
offense. That's a rush first unit that's
going to get Alec Pierce back anyway
that has Josh DS now fully healthy that
Tyler Warren is taking target volume. So
I don't have Pitman as like a wide
receiver one in my rankings for my
underdog teams. I really hope he turns
out to be a wide receiver one rest of
season. But instead I actually have him
as a low-end wide receiver too in the
same range as like Z Flowers, DK Medav,
Xavier Worthy and Chris Ave. But looking
at the trade finder on flockf
fantasy.com an example of a trade I'd
like making. Somebody traded James Cook,
Tucker Craft, Michael Pitman for Pokua,
Brock Bowers. I know you're probably not
be able to get that, but I thought it
was funny to see. Now, our last sell
high candidate. I know you're not going
to get a ton for him. You're essentially
just going to use him in a two for one
deal to upgrade elsewhere. Um Jordan
Addison's averaging about 15 and a half
points per game so far this season, but
he only played like 75% of the game last
week and he's only played two games
overall. I mean, so you would say you
extrapolate this out, you get him back
to the 93% of snaps that he had in week
four going into the future, he's going
to be much better. But here's my issue
with Jordan Addison. I'm going to keep
it stupid simple.
You are looking at a passing offense
that is not providing consistent
production for Justin Jefferson of all
players.
So with Addison, I think you are going
to be looking at a touchdown or bust
wide receiver or you're going to need
the big play. He had the big play in
week four against Pittsburgh. He had the
touchdown in week five against
Cleveland. And yes, he scored 15 points
in both of those games. But it does not
change my mind that he is just a boom or
bust wide receiver that you can throw in
your flex spot during the buys. If
you're in like a 10 team, two wide
receiver, one flex, 12 team, two wide
receiver, one flex. Outside of a
Jefferson injury or outside of a massive
McCarthy breakout, I don't see how he
turns into an every week set it and
forget it type player. But I really
appreciate you and really hope I was
able to help you out in some way with
this. And again, if you wanted to check
out any of those pickups over on
Underdog Fantasy, you can find that link
in the description as well as the
comment section. Promo code flock is
going to get you $100 added to your
account after you play your first five.
Plus, you'll get a free Gen Herds pick
higher, lower, half a total yard for the
Thursday night game. Underdog Fantasies
available in almost every single state.
And hell, it's my birthday in a couple
days. So, if you want to give me a
birthday present, sign up with code
flock. But plus, we get free questions
that you can ask me in the live streams
that we're doing every single day. But
it's all I got for you.