Well, our number one bo last week with


Jamar Chase absolutely smashes and I


think a lot of people are now


understanding why he's still a top 10


player in my rankings of the wide


receiver position. But let's go through


some B low candidates for week five.


Starting off with Mr. George KD. Now,


there has been a lot of smoke in San


Francisco. The most recent report that


we have had from the big guys. These are


the reports that everybody sees from


Sheffy, from Ian Rapaort, you know who


I'm talking about, was on October 3rd


where Adam Shaper came out and he said


49ers head coach Kyle Shanahan told


reporters that tight end George KD, who


has been on the IR due to a hamstring


injury, is more likely to return in week


seven verse Atlanta than next week and


week six verse Tampa. A return for next


Sunday is considered a quote unquote


long shot. So, a lot of people right now


are just operating under the assumption


that yeah, George KD is going to still


be on the bottom of your team. KD's not


going to be doing much for quite some


time. And we can go back and we look at


what George KD did week one, he only


scored 12 and a half fantasy points. So,


realistically, whoever drafted George KD


hasn't had the opportunity to see what a


winning George KD week is like. But, I


want to point out a couple different


things. If you actually go and look at


the sickos, right, these are the fan


accounts that follow the teams. Now, 99%


of the time, these accounts are useless.


They are homers that should be


completely ignored. But with injury


stuff, it is nice to get a little small


details of what's happening at practice.


And right now, you actually have George


KD running on the side of the practice


for the ners on Monday. And we go ahead


and look at week one for what George KD


did this year. While he only scored 12


and a half points, he actually only


played 28% of the snaps before going


down with the hamstring. So KD was on


his way to drop 25 points in that game


and to immediately set the tone of what


2025 was going to be like as a true


league winning season because we can go


back and we can look at what George KD


was in 2024. George KD in 2024 averaged


15.77


points per game and he was the Titan one


in fantasy. Can we go through and look


at the elite level tight ends in fantasy


right now and see what you are getting?


Oh, let me look at what we have with


Tyler Warren, right? Tyler Warren, uh, I


would say he's close to being the titan


one in fantasy so far this year. He has


been incredible. He's averaged 13.3


points per game. So realistically, Tyler


Warren so far this season, what is


viewed as one of the true


differencemaking tight ends that nobody


is coming close to, um, he is sitting


here with about 20% fewer points per


game than what you had with KD last


season. So realistically when George KD


comes back to a team that is dealing


with the Brandon Iayuk injury still a


team that is now dealing with the Ricky


Pier injury a team that is now dealing


with multiple Jawan Jennings injuries


and that hopefully we're going to get


Brock party back in week seven at the


same time period as KD KD looks like


he'll be close to being a tight end one


in fantasy yet again or I mean the tied


one overall where I have him in my rest


of season rankings I have recently moved


him up because again he is now closer to


returning where I do have George KD only


behinds Trey McBride and honestly I


think I'm going to be moving him um


ahead of Brock Bowers as well with the


Bowers injury where it's just Trey


McBride Tyler Warren and then honestly


that may be about it especially if KD's


at practice soon. Now going over and


looking at Jaylen Wadd. Obviously


Waddle's not a quote unquote by low


candidate as realistically Waddle just


had his best game of the season. The


reason I'm including him here is I


currently have him ranked at wide


receiver 19 in my own rankings whereas


the expert average on fogg fantasy.com


has him at wide receiver 23. And if I'm


looking at Jaylen Waddle going into the


future, I have a very difficult time


making an argument to put Brian Thomas


ahead of him, making an argument to put


AJ Brown ahead of him, even making an


argument to put a wide receiver that I


have so much money invested into this


year with Quinton Johnston ahead of


Jaylen Wadd. Because realistically, Wadd


doesn't have any target competition


whatsoever in Miami at this point. What


we just saw this past week is we just


saw Malik Washington not really be able


to get on the football field for the


Miami Dolphins. And Waddle had a season


high nine targets. And if we go back and


we look at what happened all of last


season for the Miami Dolphins, Jaylen


Wadd had only had three games with nine


or more targets last year. Hell, Jaylen


Wadd only had four games with seven or


more targets last season. So the issue


with Wadd in 2023 wasn't necessarily the


efficiency. Like the efficiency was


still fine. He still averaged nine yards


per target. The issue with Wadd last


season and the issue with him at the


beginning of this year was the fact that


you just weren't getting the volume.


Well, now the Miami Dolphins just simply


have no option but to heavily involve


Jaylen Wadd into this offense with the


departure of Tyreek Hill and with Malik


Washington looking like he's a zero.


It's really just Han Wadd and now Darren


Waller. Like realistically, I have to


move Waddle ahead of somebody like AJ


Brown, who currently is sitting at high


or lower, 57 and a half receiving yards


on Underdog Fantasy for this Thursday


night game. And I do owe all of y'all a


massive thank you. We actually have had


more people sign up to Underdog Fantasy


using promo code Flock over the past 10


days. We pretty much have ever seen


before. And the reason for that is


Underdog has the best offer that I've


ever seen before. And that's after you


play your first $5. You are going to get


$100 added to your account with promo


code flock. And you'll get a free Jen


Herz pick higher lower half the total


yard for that Thursday night game. And


you'll be able to ask me questions for


free on the live streams that we're


doing every single day until Christmas.


Underdog fantasies available in almost


every single state and you can find that


link in the description and the comment


section. Now, if you look at every


comment on my rest of season wide


receiver rankings video, every single


one is calling me a clown for ranking


Igbuka as the wide receiver 12 in my


rest of season rankings going into the


future. And I'm sitting here going like,


"Oh, don't people know that Mike Evans


is a thing? Don't people know that Chris


Godwin is eventually gonna be I I guess


they forgot. Well, 100%. The way that


Ibuka is playing right now, and we said


it in that video, is reminiscent of


rookie season Justin Jefferson. And the


expert average rankings on


flockfantasy.com, they have him a hell


of a lot higher than wide receiver 12.


They actually have him at wide receiver


9. and he has been an incredible option


so far this season where he's actually


the wide receiver three in points per


game. If we go back and look at what was


happening at the beginning of the year


when Mike Evans was fully healthy, Mike


Evans was this team's target leader.


Mike Evans at the beginning of the


season wasn't really seeing the


touchdowns, which obviously is a little


bit frustrating, but Evans still had


eight targets, 11 targets, and then


eight targets against the Jets where


obviously he goes down. So


realistically, Mike Evans was averaging


nine targets a game. Mike Evans was


close to averaging 10 targets per


contest, which I don't see why we don't


get Mike Evans back up to seven, eight


targets once he comes back to this


offense. Now, realistically, am I


expecting him to be the wide receiver


one here over Ibuka when Ibuka comes


back? No, of course not. Which is why I


have Ibuko ran wide receiver 12 in my


rest of season rankings in comparison to


where I'm looking at Mike Evans. I have


Mike Evans way down at wide receiver 28,


but the expert average ranking actually


has Mike Evans even lower than this at


wide receiver 31. So, I still think Mike


Evans is going to be a relevant top 24


wide receiver when he comes back. Baker


Mayfield's looking like one of the best


quarterbacks in the NFL right now. And I


don't know if we're going to get Igbuka


up to a 25 to 30% team target share in


every game going into the future because


of Evans and Godwin when they are fully


healthy. And if you look at the timeline


for Mike Evans, obviously he dodges the


IR indicating that it's not like he's


going to have to miss four or more


games. And he's already missed two


games. So I think you probably have him


missing against the NerS in week six.


And then you get Mike Evans back against


the Detroit Lions in week seven and


which could be the highest scoring game


of the entire season. Now the one player


that I am most confident in calling a by


low candidate is Bree Hall. Now with


Bree Hall, he's yet to score 20 fantasy


points this season. He's been very bad.


Like if you drafted him week one 16.5


points, then week two he gives you 5.8.


Week three he gives you a 9.2.


But what happens in week four? In week


four, Brilen Allen goes down. And there


you see Bree Hall begin to take more and


more of this backfield where Bree Hall


has 16.1 fantasy points against Miami.


And then he follows that up against the


Dallas Cowboys with 17.5 fantasy points.


Now, realistically, the New York Jets


offense, it's going to be really bad,


right? They're going to be trailing a


lot of games. This is a team that wants


to be rushed first, but in reality, you


are going to have a ton of Justin Fields


drop backs just like what we had against


the Dallas Cowboys. But we actually now


can see that it doesn't matter that


Fields is going to be a scrambling


quarterback. Realistically, the


checkdown rate is completely fine here


for Bree. Over the past three weeks,


you've actually seen Bree Hall with a


total of 17 targets. He has not had a


single game with fewer than three


targets this season. and the snaps are


going up, the market share numbers are


going up, and overall he is


transitioning to being a workhorse in a


way that he wasn't when Bralin Allen was


healthy. And Brilen Allen's effectively


going to be missing the rest of the


fantasy football regular season. So,


Bruce Hall, I actually have skyrocketed


up in my rankings. I have him at RB10


rest of season. The expert average on


flockfantasy.com has him down at RB17.


Now, you're gonna roll your eyes with


this one, and I completely understand


why. Trevian Henderson has not done


anything all season. Trevian Henderson


at this point is a pre-season warrior


and looking like one of the biggest


fantasy football bust in 2025.


But if it was ever going to happen, it's


going to happen right now.


Antonio Gibson just tore his ACL and


Antonio Gibson is now out for the


season, which doesn't sound extremely


relevant, right? You would say like,


"Oh, okay. Well, who the hell cares?" I


care because if we go through and we


look at Antonio Gibson so far this year,


he had actually been siphoning away a


decent amount of work here in this New


England Patriots backfield. In week two,


he had six opportunities. In week three,


he had seven opportunities. In week


four, he had six opportunities. In week


five, he had six opportunities. And we


go ahead and we look at Readandre


Stevenson. And while I completely


understand, right, Remandre Stevenson


fumbles the ball early against the


Buffalo Bills. And this coaching staff


in theory doesn't shy away from him


where still actually has multiple


rushing touchdowns. And Madre walks away


with 14.7 points. And the entire world


watches as the New England Patriots


refuse to get Antonio Gibson the ball.


and they continue to go with the guy


that was in their game plan with Raadre.


Here's my thing.


If it's ever gonna happen, it's when


their running back backfield has been


thinned out and Ramadre Stevenson has


now given this coaching staff another


opportunity to see why they drafted


Trevian Henderson inside the top 40


picks of the NFL draft. And one other


thing that makes me even more confident


with Trevian Henderson outside of just


his overall talent profile coming into


the NFL was looking at his backfield


mate at Ohio State. Looking at Quinn


Shawn Judkins who split the backfield


with Trevian Henderson and an offense


where Trevian Henderson looked a lot


better. Trevian Henderson was a lot more


efficient. We are now seeing Quinn Shawn


Judkins prove that he is that next level


talent. Realistically speaking, it is


completely understandable why he took


work away from Trevon in college. So, I


think that now we have confirmation.


It's a great offense. It's a great


offense where we just saw a meaningful


running back injury where the starter


has yet again fumbled the ball with the


continued history. So, I understand


after the fumble, Readandre still had


the multiple rushing touchdowns.


I just don't see how this team continues


to go back to him. I could be wrong, but


I think this is the point where it flips


and Trevian starts to take over when


everybody's given up on him and


honestly, he's at his cheapest cost.


Now, our last guy that I do want to


mention here is going to be Zack


Charbanet. So, it's super interesting.


Zack Charbanet is a running back that


obviously I am never putting in my


starting lineup outside of the case of


an injury to Kenneth Walker. But what's


interesting about this is Charbanet


early in the season was playing more


snaps than Kenneth Walker in weeks one


and two where Charbanet played 56% of


the snaps. He played 55% of the snaps


and in both games he was actually out


touching Kenneth Walker as well.


Then in week two, uh, Charbanet off of


15 carries has 10 rushing yards. Um, he


scores one fantasy point. And you're


sitting here thinking, "Oh my gosh,


Kenneth Walker looks so much better in


this game." Kenneth Walker blows up.


Kenneth Walker's won this backfield. I


um proceed to move Kenneth Walker up


dramatically my rankings, especially


when Zack Charbanet gets hurt, thinking


that he's going to smash. And then


Charbanet comes back from this and what


happens? They go right back to Charbanet


where Charbanet this week plays more


than Kenneth Walker. And if we look at


all the rumors circling around Seattle


at the moment, it does seem like it's


very much in the cards that Kenneth


Walker is going to get dealt from the


Seattle Seahawks. Now, is that a


guarantee? No, it's far from it. Like


worst case scenario, you trade for Zack


Charbanet. He's a premium handcuffed


running back where we have seen in the


past that if Kenneth Walker goes down,


you can confidently put Charbanet in


your starting lineup knowing he's going


to be a Bellcow. We can go back and look


at last season, the games in which


Kenneth Walker missed. Zack Charminet


scored 17.9, 25.7,


38.3, and then 13.6 fantasy points.


Incredibly high ceiling and an


incredibly high floor. the year prior in


2023, the three-game stretch in which


Kenneth Walker missed, you had 12.9,


9.8, and 16.9 fantasy points as well.


So, if you were to have an injury to


Kenneth Walker, if you were to have that


trade to Walker, realistically,


Charbanet is going to be a top 12


running back in my rankings at that


point. And also, you could play him if


you're in a desperation spot in a


by-week. But, I think that's all I have


for you. Again, I want to reiterate, I


owe everybody a massive thank you. Over


the past 10 days, more people have


signed up to Underdog Fantasy with promo


code Flock than I've ever seen in the


past. And the reason is is Underdog is


doing the best offer that we've ever


seen them do. They are offering $100


after you play your first $5 with promo


code Flock. Legit. Never seen it. And on


top of that, you'll get a free Jaylen


Herz pick high or lower half a total


yard for that Thursday night game as


well. And you'll get free questions so


you can send them in on the live streams


that I'm going to be streaming every


single day answering fantasy football


questions until Christmas. Underdog


Fantasy is available in almost every


single state and you can find that link


in the description and the comment


section. But I think that's all I got


for you. I really appreciate you and


really hope I get to see you out in the


live stream later